{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK\

\f1\b0 \
\
				 Written by\

\f0\b      \

\f1\b0                               Lawrence Kasdan \
\
                                    and \
\
                              Leigh Brackett\
\

\f0\b 				   \

\f1\b0                         From a story by George Lucas\
\

\f0\b 					\
					\
					\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b EXT. GALAXY - PLANET HOTH\

\f1\b0 \
A Star Destroyer moves through space, releasing Imperial probe robots \
from its underside.  \
\
One of these probes zooms toward the planet Hoth and lands on its ice-\
covered surface.  An explosion marks the point of\
impact.  \
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - METEORITE CRATER - SNOW PLAIN - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
A weird mechanical sound rises above the whining of the wind.  A \
strange probe robot, with several extended sensors, emerges from the \
smoke-shrouded crater.  The ominous mechanical probe floats across the \
snow plain and disappears into the distance.\
\

\f0\b EXT. PLAIN OF HOTH - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
A small figure gallops across the windswept ice slope.  The bundled \
rider is mounted on a large gray snow lizard, a Tauntaun.  Curving \
plumes of snow rise from beneath the speeding paws of the two-legged \
beast.\
\
The rider gallops up a slope and reins his lizard to a stop.  Pulling \
off his protective goggles, Luke Skywalker notices something in the \
sky.  He takes a pair of electrobinoculars from his utility belt and \
through them sees smoke rising from where the probe robot has crashed.\
\
The wind whips at Luke's fur-lined cap and he activates a comlink \
transmitter.  His Tauntaun shifts and moans nervously beneath him.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		Echo Three to Echo Seven.  Han, \
		old buddy, do you read me?\
\
After a little static a familiar voice is heard.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(over comlink)\
		Loud and clear, kid.  What's up?\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		Well, I finished my circle.  I \
		don't pick up any life readings.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(over comlink)\
		There isn't enough life on this \
		ice cube to fill a space cruiser.  \
		The sensors are placed, I'm going \
		back.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		Right.  I'll see you shortly.  \
		There's a meteorite that hit the \
		ground near here.  I want to check \
		it out.  It won't take long.\
\
Luke clicks off his transmitter and reins back on his nervous lizard.  \
He pats the beast on the head to calm it.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Hey, steady girl.  What's the \
		matter?  You smell something?\
\
Luke takes a small device from his belt and starts to adjust it when \
suddenly a large shadow falls over him from behind.  He hears a \
monstrous howl and turns to see an eleven-foot-tall shape towering over \
him.  It is a Wampa Ice Creature, lunging at him ferociously.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Aaargh!\
\
Luke grabs for his pistol, but is hit flat in the face by a huge white \
claw.  He falls unconscious into the snow and in a moment the terrified \
screams of the Tauntaun are cut short by the horrible snap of a neck \
being broken.\
\
The Wampa Ice Creature grabs Luke by one ankle and drags him away \
across the frozen plain.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - REBEL BASE ENTRANCE - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
A stalwart figure rides his Tauntaun up to the entrance of an enormous \
ice cave.\
\

\f0\b INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK\

\f1\b0 \
Rebel troopers rush about unloading supplies and otherwise securing \
their new base.  The rider, Han Solo, swings off his lizard and pulls \
off his goggles.\
\
He walks into the main hangar deck toward the Millennium Falcon, which \
is parked among several fighters.  Mechanics, R2 units, and various \
other droids hurry about.  Han stops at the Millennium Falcon where his \
Wookiee copilot, Chewbacca, is welding on a central lifter.  Chewie \
stops his work and lifts his face shield, growling an irritated \
greeting to his boss.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Chewie!\
\
The Wookiee grumbles a reply.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		All right, don't lose your temper.\
		I'll come right back and give you \
		a hand.\
\
Chewbacca puts his mask back on and returns to his welding as Han \
leaves.\
\

\f0\b INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER\

\f1\b0 \
A makeshift command center has been set up in a blasted area of thick \
ice.  The low-ceilinged room is a beehive of activity. Controllers, \
troops, and droids move about setting up electronic equipment and \
monitoring radar signals.\
\
General Rieekan straightens up from a console at Han's approach.\
\

\f0\b 				RIEEKAN\

\f1\b0 		Solo?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 No sign of life out there, General.\
The sensors are in place.  You'll \
know if anything comes around.\
\

\f0\b 				RIEEKAN\

\f1\b0 		Commander Skywalker reported in yet?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		No.  He's checking out a meteorite \
		that hit near him.\
\

\f0\b 				RIEEKAN\

\f1\b0 			(indicates radar \
			 screen)\
		With all the meteor activity in this\
		system, it's going to be difficult \
		to spot approaching ships.\
\
Taking a deep breath, Han blurts out what is on his mind.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		General, I've got to leave.  I \
		can't stay anymore.\
\
Princess Leia, standing at a console nearby, is dressed in a short \
white combat jacket and pants.  Her hair is braided across her head in \
a Nordic fashion.  She overhears their  conversation and seems somewhat \
distressed.\
\

\f0\b 				RIEEKAN\

\f1\b0 		I'm sorry to hear that.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Well, there's a price on my head.\
		If I don't pay off Jabba the Hut, \
		I'm a dead man.\
\

\f0\b 				RIEEKAN\

\f1\b0 		A death mark's not an easy thing \
		to live with.  You're a good\
		fighter, Solo.  I hate to lose you.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Thank you, General.\
\
He turns to Leia as Rieekan moves away.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(with feeling)\
		Well, Your Highness, I guess this \
		is it.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		That's right.\
\
Leia is angry.  Han sees she has no warmth to offer him.  He shakes his \
head and adopts a sarcastic tone.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(cooly)\
		Well, don't get all mushy on me.\
		So long, Princess.\
\
Han walks away into the quiet corridor adjoining the command center.  \
Leia stews a moment, then hurries after him.\
\

\f0\b INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - ICE CORRIDOR\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Han!\
\
Han stops in the corridor and turns to face Leia.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Yes, Your Highnessness?\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		I thought you decided to stay.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Well, the bounty hunter we ran \
		into on Ord Mantell changed my\
		mind.  \
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Han, we need you!\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		We?\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Yes.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Oh, what about you need?\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 			(mystified)\
		I need?  I don't know what you're \
		talking about.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(shakes his head, \
			 fed up) \
		You probably don't.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		And what precisely am I supposed \
		to know?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Come on!  You want me to stay \
		because of the way you feel about\
		me.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Yes.  You're a great help to us.\
		You're a natural leader...\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		No!  That's not it.  Come on.  \
		Aahhh - uh huh!  Come on.\
\
Leia stares at him, understanding, then laughs.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 You're imagining things.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Am I?  Then why are you following \
		me?  Afraid I was going to leave\
		without giving you a goodbye kiss?\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		I'd just as soon kiss a Wookiee.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		I can arrange that.  You could use \
		a good kiss!\
\
Angrily, Han strides down the corridor as Leia stares after him.\
\

\f0\b INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - ANOTHER ICE CORRIDOR\

\f1\b0 \
A familiar stream of beeps and whistles herald the approach of Artoo-\
Detoo and See-Threepio, who appear around a corner and move along an \
ice wall toward the main hangar.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Don't try to blame me.  I didn't \
		ask you to turn on the thermal \
		heater.  I merely commented that it \
		was freezing in the princess' \
		chamber.  But it's supposed to be \
		freezing.  How are we going to dry \
		out all her clothes?  I really don't \
		know.\
\
Artoo beeps a stream of protesting whistles.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Oh, switch off.\
\

\f0\b INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK\

\f1\b0 \
The two robots stop at Han Solo's space freighter.  Han and Chewie are \
struggling with their central lifters.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(to Chewie)\
		Why do you take this apart now? \
		I'm trying to get us out of here \
		and you pull both of these.\
\
Chewie grumbles in irritation.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Excuse me, sir.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(to Chewie)\
		Put them back together right now.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Might I have a word with you, \
		please?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		What do you want?\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Well, it's Princess Leia, sir.\
		She's been trying to get you on \
		the communicator.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		I turned it off.  I don't want to \
		talk to her.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Oh.  Well, Princess Leia is wondering \
		about Master Luke.  He hasn't come \
		back yet.  She doesn't know where he \
		is.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		I don't know where he is.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Nobody knows where he is.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		What do you mean, "nobody knows"?\
\
Han glances at the fading light at the entrance of the ice cave as \
night slowly begins to fall on the planet.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Well, uh, you see...\
\
Han jumps down off the lift, as Threepio follows him.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Deck Officer.  Deck Officer!\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Excuse me, sir.  Might I inqu...\
\
Han abruptly puts his hand over Threepio's mouth as the deck officer \
approaches.\
\

\f0\b 				DECK OFFICER\

\f1\b0 		Yes, sir?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Do you know where Commander \
		Skywalker is?\
\

\f0\b 				DECK OFFICER\

\f1\b0 		I haven't seen him.  It's possible \
		he came in through the south entrance.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		It's possible?  Why don't you go \
		find out?  It's getting dark out there.\
\

\f0\b 				DECK OFFICER\

\f1\b0 		Yes, sir.\
\
The deck officer leaves hurriedly, as Han takes his hand off Threepio's \
mouth.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Excuse me, sir.  Might I inquire \
		what's going on?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Why not?\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Impossible man.  Come along, Artoo, \
		let's find Princess Leia.  Between \
		ourselves, I think Master Luke is \
		in considerable danger.\
\

\f0\b INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - MAIN ICE TUNNEL\

\f1\b0 \
The deck officer and his assistant hurry toward Han as he enters the \
tunnel.\
\

\f0\b 				DECK OFFICER\

\f1\b0 		Sir, Commander Skywalker hasn't \
		come in through the south entrance.\
		He might have forgotten to check in.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Not likely.  Are the speeders ready?\
\

\f0\b 				DECK OFFICER\

\f1\b0 		Not yet.  We're having some trouble \
		adapting them to the cold.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Then we'll have to go out on \
		Tauntauns.\
\

\f0\b 				DECK OFFICER\

\f1\b0 		Sir, the temperature's dropping too \
		rapidly.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		That's right.  And my friends out \
		in it.\
\

\f0\b 				ASSISTANT OFFICER\

\f1\b0 		I'll cover sector twelve.  Have \
		com-control set screen alpha.\
\
Han pushes through the troops and mounts a Tauntaun.\
\

\f0\b 				DECK OFFICER\

\f1\b0 		Your Tauntaun'll freeze before you \
		reach the first marker.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Then I'll see you in hell!\
\
Han maneuvers his mount out of the cave and races into the dark bitter \
night.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - ICE GORGE - DUSK\

\f1\b0 \
The jagged face of a huge ice wall sits gloomily in the dim twilight of \
a Hoth day.  Luke hangs upside down, ankles frozen into icy \
stalactites, his extended arms within a foot of the snow floor.  One \
side of his face is covered in a dried mask of frozen blood.  He opens \
his eyes as a chilling moan of the hideous ice creature echoes off the \
gorge walls.  Luke pulls himself up, grabs hold of his ankles, and \
futilely tries to unfasten the throngs.\
\
Exhausted, he drops back into his hanging position.  As he hangs there, \
he spies his lightsaber lying near a pile of his discarded gear, about \
three feet out of reach.\
\
He focuses on the saber and, as his hand strains toward the weapon, he \
squeezes his eyes tight in concentration.\
\
Just as the ice creature looms over Luke, the lightsaber jumps into \
Luke's hand.\
\
The young warrior instantly ignites his sword, swinging up, and cuts \
himself loose from the ice.  He flops to the snow in a heap.  The \
startled creature moves back, his giant yellow eyes blinking.  Luke \
scrambles to his feet.  He swings his lightsaber and the beast screams \
in pain.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - ENTRANCE TO ICE GORGE - DUSK\

\f1\b0 \
Luke staggers out of the gorge into the dark and snowy twilight.  Weak \
and exhausted, he stumbles down a snow bank.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - SNOW PLAIN - DUSK\

\f1\b0 \
A small, lone figure riding a Tauntaun races through the hostile \
vastness of snow and cold.  As it runs, the Tauntaun's legs kick up \
large clouds of snow and ice into the snowy air.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - OUTSIDE ICE				 HANGAR - DUSK\

\f1\b0 \
Artoo stands in the falling snow, beeping worriedly.  Threepio moves \
stiffly over to him.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		You must come along now, Artoo.  \
		There's really nothing more we can \
		do.  And my joints are freezing up.\
\
Artoo beeps, long and low.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Don't say thing like that!  Of \
		course we'll see Master Luke again.\
		He'll be quite all right, you'll see.\
			(to himself)\
		Stupid little short-circuit.  He'll \
		be quite all right.\
\
Threepio turns to go back inside the main hangar as Artoo mournfully \
keeps his vigil.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - SNOW DRIFT - DUSK\

\f1\b0 \
The wind is blowing quite strong now.  Luke struggles to stay upright, \
but a blast of freezing snow knocks him over.  He struggles to get up, \
but he can't.  The young warrior from Tatooine drags himself a couple \
of feet and then collapses.\
\

\f0\b INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK - ENTRANCE - NIGHT\

\f1\b0 \
Princess Leia stands inside the dark entrance to the Rebel base, \
waiting for a sign of the two Rebel heroes.  She shivers in the cold \
wind as, nearby, Chewie sits with his head in his hands.  In the \
background, Artoo and Threepio move through the doors.  \
\
A Rebel lieutenant moves to Major Derlin, an officer keeping watch with \
the princess.\
\

\f0\b 				LIEUTENANT\

\f1\b0 		Sir, all the patrols are in.\
		There's still no contact from \
		Skywalker or Solo.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Mistress Leia, Artoo says he's been \
		quite unable to pick up any signals, \
		although he does admit that his own \
		range is far too weak to abandon \
		all hope.\
\
Leia nods an acknowledgment, but she is lost in thought.\
\

\f0\b 				DERLIN\

\f1\b0 		Your Highness, there's nothing \
		more we can do tonight.  The shield \
		doors must be closed.\
\
He turns to the lieutenant.\
\

\f0\b 				DERLIN\

\f1\b0 		Close the doors.\
\

\f0\b 				LIEUTENANT\

\f1\b0 		Yes, sir.\
\
The lieutenant walks away.  Chewie lets out a long, mournful howl, \
somewhat like a coyote.  At the same moment, Artoo begins a complex \
series of efficient beeps.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Artoo says the chances of survival \
		are seven hundred seventy-five...\
		to one.\
\
Leia stands praying to herself as the huge metal doors slam across the \
entrance of the ice cave.  The loud booms echo throughout the huge \
cavern.  Chewie lets out another suffering howl.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Actually, Artoo has been known to \
		make mistakes... from time to time.\
		Oh, dear, oh, dear.  Don't worry \
		about Master Luke.  I'm sure he'll \
		be all right.  He's quite clever, \
		you know... for a human being.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - SNOW DRIFT - DUSK\

\f1\b0 \
Luke lies face down in the snow, nearly unconscious.  Slowly he looks \
up and sees Ben Kenobi, barely visible through the blowing snow.  It is \
hard to tell if Kenobi is real or a hallucination.\
\

\f0\b 				BEN\

\f1\b0 		Luke... Luke.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(weakly)\
		Ben?\
\

\f0\b 				BEN\

\f1\b0 		You will go to the Dagobah system.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Dagobah system?\
\

\f0\b 				BEN\

\f1\b0 		There you will learn from Yoda, \
		the Jedi Master who instructed me.\
\
The image of Ben fades, revealing a lone Tauntaun rider approaching \
from the windswept horizon.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(groaning faintly)\
		Ben... Ben.\
\
Luke drops into unconsciousness.\
\
Han pulls up and leaps off his mount.  He hurries to his snow-covered \
friend, cradling him in his arms.  Han's Tauntaun lets out a low, \
pitiful bellow.  But Han's concern is with Luke, and he shakes him \
urgently.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Luke!  Luke!  Don't do this, Luke.  \
		Come on, give me a sign here.\
\
Luke doesn't respond.  Han begins frantically rubbing and slapping \
Luke's unconscious face.  As he starts to lift the youth, Han hears a \
rasping sound behind him.  He turns, just in time to see his Tauntaun \
stagger and then fall over into the snow.\
\
Han carries Luke to the moaning beast.  Then, with a final groan, the \
Tauntaun expires.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN \

\f1\b0 		Not much time.\
\
He pushes Luke's inert form against the belly of the dead beast.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(moaning)\
		Ben... Ben...\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Hang on, kid.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Dagobah system...\
\
Han ignites Luke's saber and cuts the beast from head to toe.  He \
quickly tosses it's steaming innards into the snow, then lifts Luke's \
inert form and stuffs him inside the carcass.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(reeling from the \
			 odor) \
		Whew...\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Dagobah...\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		This may smell bad, kid...\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(moaning)\
		Yoda...\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		...but it will keep you warm... \
		til I get the shelter built.\
			(struggling to get \
			 Luke inside the \
			 carcass) \
		Ooh... I thought they smelled bad \
		on the outside!\
\
The wind has picked up considerably, making it difficult to move.  Han \
removes a pack from the dead creature's back, taking out a shelter \
container.  He begins to set up what can only be a pitiful protection \
against a bitter Hoth night.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - SNOWDRIFT - DAWN\

\f1\b0 \
Four snub-nosed armored snowspeeders race across the white landscape.\
\

\f0\b INT. SNOWSPEEDER COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
There is only one pilot, Zev, in the enclosed two-man craft.  He \
concentrates on the scopes which ring his cockpit.  He hears a low beep \
from one of his monitors.\
\

\f0\b 				ZEV\

\f1\b0 			(into transmitter) \
		Echo Base... I've got something!  Not \
		much, but it could be a life form.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - SNOWDRIFT\

\f1\b0 \
The small craft banks and makes a slow arc, then races off in a new \
direction.\
\

\f0\b INT. SNOWSPEEDER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
The pilot switches over to a new transmitter.\
\

\f0\b 				ZEV\

\f1\b0 			(into transmitter)\
		This is Rogue Two.  this is Rogue \
		Two.  Captain Solo, so you copy?  \
		Commander Skywalker, do you copy? \
		This is Rogue Two.\
\
There is a sharp crackle of static, then a faint voice.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(filtered over \
			 Zev's receiver)\
		Good morning.  Nice of you guys \
		to drop by.\
\

\f0\b 				ZEV\

\f1\b0 			(switching transmitters) \
		Echo Base... this is Rogue Two.  I \
		found them.  Repeat, I found them.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - SNOWDRIFT - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
The small shelter Han set up is covered with snow on the windward side.  \
A makeshift antenna rests gingerly on top the snowdrift.  Han spots \
Zev's snowspeeder approaching in the distance, and begins waving his \
arms frantically at the tiny craft.\
\

\f0\b INT. REBEL BASE - MEDICAL CENTER\

\f1\b0 \
Strange robot surgeons adjust a mass of electronic equipment.  A switch \
is thrown and a sudden blinding flash obscures Luke in a bacta tank \
filled with a thick, gelatinous slime.  He begins to thrash about, \
raving in delirium.\
\

\f0\b INT. REBEL BASE - MEDICAL CENTER - RECOVERY ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
Luke sits up in a recovery-room bed, weak but smiling.  His face shows \
terrible wounds from the Wampa's attack.  Threepio and Artoo enter the \
room.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Master Luke, sir, it's so good \
		to see you fully functional again.\
\
Artoo beeps his good wishes.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Artoo expresses his relief, also.\
\
Han and Chewie make their entrance.  The Wookiee growls a greeting.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		How are you feeling, kid?  You \
		don't look so bad to me.  In \
		fact, you look strong enough to \
		pull the ears off a Gundark.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Thanks to you.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		That's two you owe me, junior.\
\
Han turns as Leia enters the room.  He looks at her with a big, \
devilish grin.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Well your Worship, looks like \
		you managed to keep me around for\
		a little while longer.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 			(haughtily)\
		I had nothing to do with it.  General \
		Rieekan thinks it's dangerous for \
		any ships to leave the system until \
		we've activated the energy shield.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		That's a good story.  I think you \
		just can't bear to let a gorgeous \
		guy like me out of your sight.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		I don't know where you get your \
		delusions, laser brain.\
\
Chewie is amused; he laughs in his manner.  Han, enjoying himself, \
regards Chewie good-humoredly.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Laugh it up, fuzzball.  But you \
		didn't see us alone in the south \
		passage.\
\
Luke sparks to this; he looks at Leia.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		She expressed her true feelings \
		for me.\
\
Leia is flushed, eyes darting between Luke and Han.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		My...!  Why, you stuck up,... half-\
		witted... scruffy-looking ...nerf-\
		herder!\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Who's scruffy-looking? \
			(to Luke) \
		I must have hit pretty close to \
		the mark to get her all riled up \
		like that, huh, kid?\
\
Leia looks vulnerable for a moment, then the mask falls again, and she \
focuses on Luke.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Why, I guess you don't know \
		everything about women yet?\
\
With that she leans over and kisses Luke on the lips.  Then she turns \
on her heel and walks out, leaving everyone in the room slightly \
dumbstruck.  With some smugness, Luke puts his hands behind his head \
and grins.\
\
Suddenly, in the distance, the muffled sound of an alarm is heard.\
\

\f0\b 				ANNOUNCER\

\f1\b0 			(over loudspeaker)\
		Headquarters personnel, report to \
		command center.\
\
The voice repeats the order and Han, Chewie, Artoo, and Threepio hurry \
out of the room, bidding farewell to Luke.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Take it easy.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Excuse us, please.\
\

\f0\b INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER\

\f1\b0 \
Rieekan looks up grimly from a console screen.  He calls over to Leia \
and Han.\
\

\f0\b 				RIEEKAN\

\f1\b0 		Princess... we have a visitor.\
\
The group hurries over to Rieekan.\
\

\f0\b 				RIEEKAN\

\f1\b0 		We've picked up something outside \
		the base in zone twelve, moving \
		east.\
\

\f0\b 				SENIOR CONTROLLER\

\f1\b0 		It's metal.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Then it couldn't be one of those \
		creatures that attacked Luke.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		It could be a speeder, one of ours.\
\

\f0\b 				SENIOR CONTROLLER\

\f1\b0 		No.  Wait - there's something very \
		weak coming through.\
\
Threepio steps up to the control panel and listens intently to the \
strange signal.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Sir, I am fluent in six million \
		forms of communication.  This signal \
		is not used by the Alliance.  It \
		could be an Imperial code.\
\
The transmission ends in static.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		It isn't friendly, whatever it is.  \
		Come on, Chewie, let's check it out.\
\

\f0\b 				RIEEKAN\

\f1\b0 		Send Rogues Ten and Eleven to \
		station three-eight.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - SNOW PLAIN - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
The dark probe robot moves past the smoldering ruins of station three-\
eight and down a ridge toward the Rebel base.  It raises a large \
antenna from the top of its head and begins to send out a piercing \
signal.\
\
The probe droid has spotted Chewbacca who, not thirty feet away, has \
popped his head over a snow bank.  Instantly, the probe robot swings \
around, its deadly ray ready to fire.  But before it can get a shot \
off, it is hit from behind by a laser bolt, and explodes in a million \
pieces.\
\
Han Solo replaces his blaster in its holster and peers intently at the \
smoldering remains of the Imperial probe.\
\

\f0\b INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER\

\f1\b0 \
Leia and Rieekan listen to Han on the comlink.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(over comlink)\
		Afraid there's not much left.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		What was it?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(over comlink)\
		Droid of some kind.  I didn't hit \
		it that hard.  It must have had a \
		self-destruct.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		An Imperial probe droid.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(over comlink)\
		It's a good bet the Empire knows \
		we're here.\
\

\f0\b 				RIEEKAN\

\f1\b0 		We'd better start the evacuation.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - IMPERIAL FLEET\

\f1\b0 \
Darth Vader's Star Destroyer, larger and more awesome than the five \
Imperial Star Destroyers that surround it, sits in the vastness of \
space.  The six huge ships are surrounded by a convoy of smaller \
spacecraft.  TIE fighters dart to and fro.\
\

\f0\b INT. DARTH VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE - MAIN CONTROL DECK\

\f1\b0 \
Controllers working the vast complex of electronic controls hear \
ominous approaching footsteps and look up from their controls.  The \
squat, evil-looking Admiral Ozzel and the young, powerfully built \
General Veers, who have been conferring near the front, also feel the \
approaching presence and turn toward it.  Darth Vader, Lord of the \
Sith, enters like a chill wind.  As Vader moves across the wide bridge, \
Captain Piett hurries up to Ozzel.\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		Admiral.\
\

\f0\b 				OZZEL\

\f1\b0 		Yes, Captain\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		I think we've got something, sir.  \
		The report is only a fragment from \
		a probe droid in the Hoth system, \
		but it's the best lead we've had.\
\

\f0\b 				OZZEL\

\f1\b0 			(irritated) \
		We have thousands of probe droids \
		searching the galaxy.  I want proof, \
		not leads!\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		The visuals indicate life readings.\
\

\f0\b 				OZZEL\

\f1\b0 		It could mean anything.  If we \
		followed every lead...\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		But, sir, the Hoth system is supposed \
		to be devoid of human forms.\
\
Vader moves to a large screen showing an image of the Rebel snow base.  \
Rebel speeders can be seen approaching the base in the distance.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		You found something?\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		Yes, my lord.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 			(studying the image \
			 on the console screen) \
		That's it.  The Rebels are there.\
\

\f0\b 				OZZEL\

\f1\b0 		My lord, there are so many uncharted \
		settlements.  It could be smugglers, \
		it could be...\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		That is the system.  And I'm sure \
		Skywalker is with them.  Set your \
		course for the Hoth system.  General \
		Veers, prepare you men.\
\

\f0\b INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - TRANSPORT BAY\

\f1\b0 \
A captain issues instructions to two of his men at the entrance to the \
main transport bay.  Several Rebel transports behind them are being \
loaded by men carrying heavy boxes and moving quickly, but not in \
panic.\
\

\f0\b 				REBEL CAPTAIN\

\f1\b0 		Groups seven and ten will stay \
		behind to fly the speeders.  As \
		soon as each transport is loaded, \
		evacuation control will give \
		clearance for immediate launch.\
\

\f0\b 				REBEL FIGHTER\

\f1\b0 		Right, sir.\
\

\f0\b INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK\

\f1\b0 \
Alarms sound.  Troops, ground crews, and droids rush to their alert \
stations.  Armored snowspeeders are lined up in attack formation near \
the main entrance.\
\
In the midst of all this activity, Han does some frantic welding on the \
lifters of the Millennium Falcon.\
\
Han finishes his work and hops down to the hangar floor.  He pulls out \
his comlink, all the while eyeing problematic lifters.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink, to \
			 Chewie)\
		Okay, that's it.  Try it... Off! \
		Turn it off!  Turn it off!  Off!\
\
Smoke rises from a minor explosion on the lifter.  Exasperated, Han \
surveys the new damage.\
\

\f0\b INT. REBEL BASE - MEDICAL CENTER\

\f1\b0 \
Luke dresses in readiness for the evacuation as his attending medical \
droid stands by.\
\

\f0\b 				MEDICAL DROID\

\f1\b0 		Sir, it will take quite a while \
		to evacuate the T-forty- sevens.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Well, forget the heavy equipment.\
		There's plenty of time to get the \
		smaller modules on the transports.\
\

\f0\b 				MEDICAL DROID\

\f1\b0 		Take care, sir.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Thanks.\
\

\f0\b INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK\

\f1\b0 \
Pilots, gunners, and R2 units scurry about.  Luke, pulling on his \
heavy-weather jacket, is headed toward a row of armored speeders.  He \
stops at the rear of the Millennium Falcon, where Han and Chewie are \
trying to repair the right lifter with even more haste than before.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Chewie, take care of yourself, \
		okay?\
\
As Luke pats Chewie on the arm, Chewie puts his arms around Luke and \
gives him a tight hug.  Han is discussing the lifter with a repair \
droid when he sees Luke.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Hi, kid.\
			(to droid)\
		There's got to be a reason for \
		it.  Check it at the other end.\
		Wait a second.\
			(to Luke)\
		You all right?\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Yeah.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Be careful.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		You, too.\
\
Luke smiles, then waves at his friend and walks on.  After a few steps, \
he stops and looks back.  Han glances up and the two exchange a silent \
communication, each wishing the other safety, happiness - many things, \
all difficult to verbalize.\
\

\f0\b INT. REBEL BASE - CONTROL ROOM.\

\f1\b0 \
Alarms sound throughout the hidden Rebel base.  In the control room, a \
controller urgently gestures for General Rieekan to check a computer \
scan.\
\

\f0\b 				CONTROLLER\

\f1\b0 		General, there's a fleet of Star \
		Destroyers coming out of hyperspace \
		in sector four.\
\

\f0\b 				RIEEKAN\

\f1\b0 		Reroute all power to the energy \
		shield.  We've got to hold them till \
		all transports are away.  Prepare \
		for ground assault.\
\
Rieekan exits hurriedly.\
\

\f0\b INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - VADER'S CHAMBER - MEDITATION CUBICLE\

\f1\b0 \
The dark cubicle is illuminated by a single shaft of light which falls \
on the brooding Dark Lord as he sits on a raised meditation cube.  \
General Veers enters the room and approaches the silent, unmoving \
Vader.  Although seemingly very sure of himself, Veers is still not \
bold enough to interrupt the meditating lord.  The younger general \
stands quietly at attention until the evil presence speaks.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		What is it, General?\
\

\f0\b 				VEERS\

\f1\b0 		My lord, the fleet has moves out \
		of light-speed.  Com-Scan has \
		detected an energy field protecting \
		an area around the sixth planet of \
		the Hoth system.  The field is \
		strong enough to deflect any \
		bombardment.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 			(angrily)\
		The Rebels are alerted to our \
		presence.  Admiral Ozzel came out \
		of light-speed too close to the \
		system.\
\

\f0\b 				VEERS\

\f1\b0 		He felt surprise was wiser...\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		He is as clumsy as he is stupid.\
		General, prepare your troops for a \
		surface attack.\
\

\f0\b 				VEERS\

\f1\b0 		Yes, my lord.\
\
Veers turns smartly and leaves as Vader activates a large viewscreen \
showing the bridge of his mighty ship.  Admiral Ozzel appears on the \
viewscreen, standing slightly in front of Captain Piett.\
\

\f0\b 				OZZEL\

\f1\b0 		Lord Vader, the fleet has moved \
		out of light-speed, and we're \
		preparing to... Aaagh!\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		You have failed me for the last \
		time, Admiral.  Captain Piett.\
\
Piett steps forward, as the admiral moves away, slightly confused, \
touching his throat as it begins to constrict painfully.\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		Yes, my lord.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 Make ready to land out troops beyond \
the energy shield and deploy the \
fleet so that nothing gets off that \
system.  You are in command now, \
Admiral Piett.\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		Thank you, Lord Vader.\
\
Piett's pleasure about his unexpected promotion is not an unmixed \
emotion.  He glances warily at the struggling Admiral Ozzel who, with a \
final choke, stumbles and falls in a lifeless heap before him.\
\

\f0\b INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK\

\f1\b0 \
With a sense of urgency, Leia quickly briefs a group of pilots gathered \
in the center of the hangar.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		All troop carriers will assemble \
		at the north entrance.  The heavy \
		transport ships will leave as \
		soon as they're loaded.  Only two \
		fighter escorts per ship.  The \
		energy shield can only be opened \
		for a short time, so you'll have \
		to stay very close to your transports.\
\

\f0\b 				HOBBIE\

\f1\b0 		Two fighters against a Star Destroyer?\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		The ion cannon will fire several \
		shots to make sure that any enemy \
		ships will be out of your flight \
		path.  When you've gotten past the \
		energy shield, proceed directly to \
		the rendezvous point.  Understood?\
\

\f0\b 				PILOTS\

\f1\b0 			(in unison)\
		Right.  Okay.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Good luck.\
\

\f0\b 				DERLIN\

\f1\b0 		Okay.  Everyone to your stations.  \
		Let's go!\
\
The pilots hurry away.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - SNOW TRENCH - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
Rebel troops carry heavy bazooka-type weapons and position them along \
the snow trench.  Men hurriedly respond to their officers' yelled \
orders and brace themselves against the rhythmic gusts of bitter-cold \
wind.\
\
Other troops load power packs into a gun turret and swing its guns into \
position.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - POWER GENERATORS\

\f1\b0 \
Near the base power generators, troops rush to set up their heavy \
battle equipment.  Buzzing loudly, the generators send along, sparking \
fingers of energy into the bitter Hoth wind.\
\

\f0\b INT. REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER\

\f1\b0 \
The long line of Rebel controllers is tense, as are Princess Leia and \
General Rieekan, who are trying very hard not to show any fear.\
\

\f0\b 				RIEEKAN\

\f1\b0 		Their primary target will be the \
		power generators.  Prepare to \
		open the shield.\
\

\f0\b EXT. ICE PLAIN\

\f1\b0 \
The Rebel transport and two escort fighters begin their departure from \
the ice planet.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - IMPERIAL STAR DESTROYER\

\f1\b0 \
A huge Imperial Star Destroyer rest against a sea of stars, far above \
the white surface of the planet Hoth.\
\

\f0\b INT. IMPERIAL STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE\

\f1\b0 \
An Imperial controller approaches his commander.\
\

\f0\b 				CONTROLLER\

\f1\b0 		Sir, Rebel ships are coming into \
		our sector.\
\

\f0\b 				CAPTAIN\

\f1\b0 		Good.  Our first catch of the day.\
\

\f0\b INT. REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				WOMAN CONTROLLER\

\f1\b0 		Stand by, ion control... Fire!\
\

\f0\b EXT. REBEL BASE ICE CAVE - ION CANNON\

\f1\b0 \
The giant ball-shaped ion cannon rotates into position and blasts two \
red energy beams skyward.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - HOTH - REBEL TRANSPORT\

\f1\b0 \
The Rebel transport and its escort race away from the white planet, \
closely followed by the two red energy beams.\
\
As the Rebel transport races toward the waiting Imperial Star \
Destroyer, it is overtaken by the two scarlet energy bolts.  The \
Imperial Star Destroyer is hit in the conning tower by the powerful \
bolts, which set up fiery explosions on its metal hull.\
\
The big Star Destroyer veers, then spins wildly out of control.  As the \
Imperial ship careers into deep space, the Rebel transport races away \
to safety.\
\

\f0\b INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK\

\f1\b0 \
Pilots, gunners, and troopers hurry to their stations and their \
vehicles.\
\

\f0\b 				ANNOUNCER\

\f1\b0 			(over loudspeaker)\
		The first transport is away.\
\
Everyone cheers at the announcement, which echoes through the hangar.  \
Luke turns and walks on, heading toward his snowspeeder.  His gunner, \
Dack, a fresh-faced, eager kid, is glad to see him.  They climb in.\
\

\f0\b 				DACK\

\f1\b0 		Feeling all right, sir?\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Just like new, Dack.  How about \
		you?\
\

\f0\b 				DACK\

\f1\b0 		Right now I feel like I could take \
		on the whole Empire myself.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(quietly, strapping \
			 in)\
		I know what you mean.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN\

\f1\b0 \
A thin horizon line cuts across the bleak landscape.  Small dot-size \
objects begin to appear on the horizon, moving in the direction of the \
Rebel base.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - SNOW TRENCH\

\f1\b0 \
A Rebel officer lifts a pair of electrobinoculars to his eyes.  Through \
the lens he sees a very close view of a giant Imperial snow walker.  He \
adjusts the view which then zooms back to reveal three more of the \
ominous battle machines.  Small flashes of yellow fire billow from the \
guns of the lumbering snow walkers.\
\
The officer lowers his binoculars as the regular rhythmic pounding \
begins to make the ground vibrate.  The pounding grows louder and is \
accompanied by a high-pitched, metallic rattling.  The officer speaks \
into his comlink.\
\

\f0\b 				TRENCH OFFICER\

\f1\b0 		Echo Station Three-T-Eight.\
\

\f0\b INT. REBEL BASE - CORRIDOR\

\f1\b0 \
Pilots and gunners race to their waiting snowspeeders.  Ice and snow \
begin falling from the walls of the corridor, shaken by the pounding \
Imperial snow walker as they draw ever nearer.\
\

\f0\b 				TRENCH OFFICER\

\f1\b0 			(over comlink) \
		We have spotted Imperial walkers!\
\

\f0\b 				CONTROLLER\

\f1\b0 Imperial walkers on the north \
ridge.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - SNOW TRENCH\

\f1\b0 \
The Rebel troops aim their weapons at the horizon as explosions erupt \
all around them.  They are nervous and their grip on their weapons \
tightens from the cold and from fear.\
\
Behind the troops a dozen snowspeeders race through the sky.\
\

\f0\b INT. LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink) \
		Echo station Five-Seven.  We're \
		on our way.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - BATTLEFIELD\

\f1\b0 \
The fleet of snowspeeders races above the ice field at full throttle.  \
They accelerate away from the base and head toward the distant walkers.\
\

\f0\b INT. LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink) \
		All right, boys, keep tight now.\
\

\f0\b 				DACK\

\f1\b0 		Luke, I have no approach vector.  \
		I'm not set.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Steady, Dack.  Attack pattern \
		delta.  Go now!\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - BATTLEFIELD\

\f1\b0 \
The cannons mounted on the walker head fire at the speeders.  Other \
walkers loom in the background.  Two speeders race away past two of the \
enormous walkers and bank to the right.\
\

\f0\b INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		All right, I'm coming in.\
\
He turns his speeder and heads directly at one of the walkers, flying \
toward its towering legs.  The horizon twists as the speeder banks \
between the legs.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		Hobbie, you still with me?\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - BATTLEFIELD\

\f1\b0 \
Two speeders race directly at the head of a walker, then split and fly \
past it.\
\
Three other walkers march onward, firing all cannons.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - SNOWTRENCH\

\f1\b0 \
Rebel troops fire on the approaching walkers, as the snow and ice \
explode all around them.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - BATTLEFIELD\

\f1\b0 \
A speeder banks through and away from the legs of a walker.  Two other \
speeders pass the first speeder from the opposite direction.  Other \
Rebel craft race just above the icy plain.\
\
A giant walker head swivels and fires, striking a snowspeeder and \
sending it crashing in a ball of flames.\
\

\f0\b INT. IMPERIAL SNOW WALKER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
General Veers and two walker pilots keep a careful eye on the racing \
Rebel snowspeeders as they maneuver their lumbering war machine \
forward.\
\
Luke's speeder banks in from the side of Veers's walker and heads \
straight for its viewport, blasting away.  An explosion hits the walker \
window, but dissipates, doing no harm.  The speeder roars up and over \
the impregnable war machine.\
\

\f0\b INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Luke looks back at the walker as it grows smaller in the distance.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		That armor's too strong for \
		blasters.\
\
On the horizon, another walker moves up past Luke's cockpit window, \
twisting out of sight as Luke banks and starts another run.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		Rogue Group, use your harpoons \
		and tow cables.  Go for the legs.\
		It might be our only chance of \
		stopping them.\
			(to Dack)\
		All right, stand by, Dack.\
\
Dack is at the gunner's controls.\
\

\f0\b 				DACK\

\f1\b0 		Luke, we've got a malfunction in \
		fire control.  I'll have to cut in \
		the auxiliary.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Just hang on.  Hang on, Dack.  Get \
		ready to fire that tow cable.\
\
Barely keeping his seat in the tumbling ship, Dack struggles to set up \
his harpoon gun.\
\
Luke swings his speeder around and heads toward an oncoming walker.  \
Laser bolts and flak fill the air, creating a deadly obstacle course \
for the tiny craft.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - BATTLEFIELD\

\f1\b0 \
Rogue Leader and another snowspeeder fly in tight formation toward the \
walker as explosions burst all around them.\
\

\f0\b INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
After sustaining a heavy volley of fire, Luke turns around to see if \
Dack is all right.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Dack?  Dack!\
\
Dack is lost.  Blood streams down his forehead, which rests on his \
smoldering controls.  Out the back window, an Imperial walker recedes \
in the distance.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - SNOW TRENCH AREA\

\f1\b0 \
Rebel troops fire the dishlike ray gun while explosions erupt around \
them.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - BATTLEFIELD\

\f1\b0 \
Two walkers lumber toward the Rebel base as a speeder between them \
explodes in a ball of flames.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - SNOW TRENCH\

\f1\b0 \
The dislike ray gun is hit by a laser bolt and instantly explodes.\
\

\f0\b INT. IMPERIAL SNOW WALKER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Through the cockpit window, Veers and his pilot can see the Rebel power \
generators in the distance.\
\
A hologram of Darth Vader appears on a control panel screen.\
\

\f0\b 				VEERS\

\f1\b0 		Yes, Lord Vader.  I've reached the \
		main power generator.  The shield \
		will be down in moments.  You may \
		start your landing.\
\

\f0\b INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink) \
		Rogue Three.\
\

\f0\b INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				WEDGE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink) \
		Copy, Rogue Leader\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE \

\f1\b0 			(over comlink) \
		Wedge, I've lost my gunner.  You'll \
		have to make this shot.  I'll cover \
		for you.  Set your harpoon.  Follow \
		me on the next pass.\
\

\f0\b 				WEDGE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink) \
		Coming around, Rogue Leader.\
\

\f0\b INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink) \
		Steady, Rogue Two\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD\

\f1\b0 \
Wedge's speeder races through the legs of one of the monstrous walkers.\
\

\f0\b INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				WEDGE\

\f1\b0 			(to gunner) \
		Activate harpoon.\
\
Wedge's gunner reaches for a firing switch to activate the harpoon.  \
The harpoon flashes out, and speeds toward the receding legs of the \
walker.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD\

\f1\b0 \
The harpoon hurtles toward the walker, In an instant it is embedded in \
one of the walker's legs.\
\

\f0\b INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				WEDGE \

\f1\b0 			(to gunner) \
		Good shot, Janson.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD\

\f1\b0 \
The speeder Rogue Three races around one of the giant walker's feet, \
trailing the cable behind it.  Continuing around the back foot, Rogue \
Three then circles the walker around the tail end.\
\

\f0\b INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Wedge checks his controls and banks around the front of the walker.\
\

\f0\b 				WEDGE\

\f1\b0 		One more pass.\
\

\f0\b 				JANSON \

\f1\b0 		Coming around.  Once more.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD\

\f1\b0 \
The speeder sweeps left to right in front of the giant legs, towing the \
cable behind it.\
\

\f0\b INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				JANSON\

\f1\b0 		Once more.\
\
Wedge swings the speeder between the legs of the giant walker.\
\

\f0\b 				JANSON\

\f1\b0 		Cable out!  Let her go!\
\

\f0\b 				WEDGE\

\f1\b0 		Detach cable.\
\

\f0\b EXT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE\

\f1\b0 \
The cable release on the back of the speeder snaps loose and the cable \
drops away.\
\

\f0\b INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				JANSON\

\f1\b0 		Cable detached.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD\

\f1\b0 \
The speeder zooms away into the distance.  The tangled legs of the \
enormous war machine attempt a step, but as they do the giant Imperial \
walker begins to topple.  It teeters for a moment, and then crashes \
onto the icy ground, sending snow and metal pieces flying.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - SNOW TRENCH\

\f1\b0 \
The troops in the trenches cheer at the sight of the crashing walker.\
\
An officer gives a signal to his men and Rebel troops charge the fallen \
war machine.\
\

\f0\b 				TRENCH OFFICER\

\f1\b0 		Come on!\
\
The troops run toward the downed walker, followed by two Rebel speeders \
flying overhead.  Just as they reach the walker, it explodes, the \
impact throwing some of the men onto the frozen ground.\
\

\f0\b INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Wedge lets out a triumphant yell, banking his speeder away from the \
fallen walker.\
\

\f0\b 				WEDGE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink) \
		Whooha!  That got him!\
\

\f0\b INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink) \
		I see it, Wedge.  Good work.\
\

\f0\b INT. REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER\

\f1\b0 \
Large chunks of ice tumble into the command center as Leia and General \
Rieekan monitor computer screens.\
\

\f0\b 				RIEEKAN\

\f1\b0 		I don't think we can protect two \
		transports at a time.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA \

\f1\b0 		It's risky, but we can't hold out \
		much longer.  We have no choice.\
\

\f0\b 				RIEEKAN\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink) \
		Launch patrols.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 			(to an aide) \
		Evacuate remaining ground staff.\
\

\f0\b INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR\

\f1\b0 \
Muffled distant explosions create widening cracks in the ice roof of \
the hangar.  Trying to ignore the noise and falling bits of snow, Han \
works on one of the Falcon's lifters while Chewie works on one of the \
wings.  Noticing Chewie attach a wrong part, Han grows impatient.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		No, no!  No!  This one goes there, \
		that one goes there.  Right?\
\
In another area of the hangar, Threepio watches as Artoo is raised up \
into Luke's X-wing fighter.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Artoo, you take good care of \
		Master Luke now, understand?  And\
		... do take good care of yourself.  \
		Oh, dear, oh, dear.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD\

\f1\b0 \
The fierce battle on the vast snow plains of Hoth rages on.  The \
Imperial walkers continue their slow, steady assault on the Rebel base, \
firing lasers as they lumber ever onward.  In the snow trench, Rebel \
troops fire large bazookalike guns and dishlike ray guns as explosions \
erupt around them.  A gun tower is hit by a laser bolt and instantly \
explodes.  Another blast destroys a ray gun.\
\

\f0\b INT. IMPERIAL SNOW WALKER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
General Veers studies various readouts on his control panel.\
\

\f0\b 				VEERS\

\f1\b0 		All troops will debark for ground \
		assault.  Prepare to target the \
		main generator.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD\

\f1\b0 \
Luke's speeder and Rogue Two fly in formation, banking from right to \
left and flying above the erupting battlefield.  Flak bursts all around \
them.\
\

\f0\b INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Luke, glancing over, sees Rogue Two on his left.  His ship shudders as \
flak bursts nearby.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink) \
		Rogue Two, are you all right?\
\

\f0\b INT. ZEV'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE TWO - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				ZEV\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink) \
		Yeah.  I'm with you, Rogue Leader.\
\

\f0\b INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink) \
		We'll set harpoon.  I'll cover for you.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD\

\f1\b0 \
The two speeders race across the horizon toward the giant walkers.\
\

\f0\b INT. ZEV'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE TWO - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				ZEV\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink) \
		Coming around.\
\

\f0\b INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink) \
		Watch that cross fire, boys.\
\

\f0\b INT. ZEV'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE TWO - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				ZEV\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink) \
		Set for position three.\
			(to gunner) \
		Steady.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(over comlink) \
		Stay tight and low.\
\

\f0\b EXT. ZEV'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE TWO\

\f1\b0 \
Luke's speeder moves in formation with Rogue Two, when suddenly Zev's \
speeder is hit by a laser bolt.  His ship bucks violently under the \
impact and the cockpit explodes in a ball of flame.\
\
Spewing smoke, the speeder hurtles toward a looming walker.  Before \
they collide.  Rogue Two explodes in a million flaming pieces.\
\

\f0\b INT. LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Desperately, Luke works the controls of his flak-buffeted ship.  \
Suddenly, the speeder is rocked by a huge explosion.  Luke struggles \
with the controls with a look of terror on his face.  The speeder fills \
with smoke, and electrical sparks jump about the cockpit.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink) \
		Hobbie, I've been hit!\
\

\f0\b INT. REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER\

\f1\b0 \
Apart from the distant thunder of laser blasts, the corridor is \
strangely quiet and empty.  Running footsteps echo through the freezing \
hallway, then Han appears.  Cracks have appeared in some of the walls \
and some pipes have broken, sending hot steam billowing into the \
underground hallways.  Han hurries into the command center.  It is a \
shambles, but some people are still at their posts.  As he enters, a \
gigantic cave-in almost obliterates the room.  He finds Leia and \
Threepio near one of the control boards.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		You all right?\
\
Leia nods.  She is surprised to see him.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Why are you still here?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		I heard the command center had \
		been hit.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		You got your clearance to leave.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Don't worry.  I'll leave.  First \
		I'm going to get you to your ship.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Your Highness, we must take this \
		last transport.  It's our only hope.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 			(to controller) \
		Send all troops in sector twelve \
		to the south slope to protect the \
		fighters.\
\
A blast rocks the command center, throwing Threepio backward into Han's \
arms.\
\

\f0\b 				ANNOUNCER\

\f1\b0 			(over loudspeaker) \
		Imperial troops have entered the \
		base.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Come on... that's it.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 			(to head controller) \
		Give the evacuation code signal.  \
		And get to your transports!\
\
Leia looks exhausted.  Han grabs her and starts to lead her out.\
\
As Han, Leia, and Threepio run out of the command center, the code \
signal can be heard echoing off the corridor walls.\
\

\f0\b 				HEAD CONTROLLER\

\f1\b0 		K-one-zero... all troops disengage.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 			(to Han and Leia) \
		Oh!  Wait for me!\
\

\f0\b EXT. BATTLEFIELD - SNOW TRENCH\

\f1\b0 \
Rebel troops retreat under the awesome Imperial onslaught.\
\

\f0\b 				OFFICER\

\f1\b0 		Begin retreat!\
\

\f0\b 				SECOND OFFICER\

\f1\b0 		Fall back!\
\
Troops flee from the battle, the ground exploding around them.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD\

\f1\b0 \
Three of the giant walkers, firing lasers, advance toward the Rebel \
headquarters.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - SNOW TRENCH\

\f1\b0 \
Continuing their retreat, the Rebels see the walkers looming ever \
nearer.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD - ICE PLAIN\

\f1\b0 \
On the battlefield, Luke watches as a walker foot rises and moves over \
him.  He looks up at the underbelly of the huge walker, passing \
overhead.\
\
Running beneath the monstrous machine, Luke fires his harpoon gun at \
the walker's underside.  A thin cable follows the projectile from the \
gun.  The magnetic head and cable attach firmly to the metal hull.\
\
Still running under the walker, Luke attaches the cable drum to his \
belt buckle.  Soon he is pulled up the cable and hangs dangling \
underneath the walker.\
\
The walker's giant feet continue to pound onward across the frozen \
snow.  Stray laser bolts whistle by Luke as he climbs up the cable to \
the walker's hull, reaching a small hatch.  Hanging precariously, Luke \
cuts the solid metal hatch with his laser sword.\
\
He takes a landmine from around his neck and throws it inside the \
Imperial machine.  Quickly, Luke starts down the cable and crashes onto \
the icy ground far below.  He lies unconscious as a giant rear leg \
passes by - and just misses him.\
\
The giant walker stops in mid-step.  A muffled explosion comes from \
within - and then the walker's mechanical insides  are spewed out every \
conceivable opening.  The machine sits dead in its tracks, smoking like \
a locomotive on stilts.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD\

\f1\b0 \
Veers's walker continues to advance toward the Rebel base.  The \
smoldering walker that Luke exploded stands smoking just to the right \
of Veers's path.\
\

\f0\b INT. IMPERIAL SNOW WALKER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Inside his walker, General Veers prepares to fire on the Rebel power \
generators.\
\

\f0\b 				VEERS\

\f1\b0 		Distance to power generators?\
\

\f0\b 				PILOT\

\f1\b0 		One-seven, decimal two-eight.\
\
Veers reaches for the electrorangefinder and lines up the main \
generator.\
\

\f0\b 				VEERS\

\f1\b0 		Target.  Maximum fire power.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD\

\f1\b0 \
The Rebel troops continue their desperate retreat, pushed back by the \
relentless Imperial assault.\
\

\f0\b INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - ICE CORRIDORS\

\f1\b0 \
With Threepio lagging behind, Han and Leia race through the crumbling \
ice corridors.  Suddenly, there is an explosion.  Han turns, grabs the \
princess, and pulls her to the wall as a tremendous cave-in blacks \
their path.\
\
He takes the comlink from his pocket.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN \

\f1\b0 			(into comlink) \
		Transport, this is Solo.  Better \
		take off - I can't get to you.  \
		I'll get the princess out on the \
		Falcon.\
\
Han and Leia turn and race down the corridor.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		But... but... but... where are \
		you going?  Uh... come back!!\
\

\f0\b INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER\

\f1\b0 \
Imperial troops have reached the base.  As they push through the \
blocked passageway, Darth Vader strides behind them.\
\

\f0\b INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - ICE CORRIDOR\

\f1\b0 \
Han and Leia run toward the entrance of the main hangar where the \
Millennium Falcon is docked.  Threepio still lags behind.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Wait!  Wait for me!  Wait!  Stop!\
\
The door to the hangar closes in his face.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 			(exasperated) \
		How typical.\
\
Quickly, the door reopens as Han reaches out and pulls the golden droid \
through.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Come on.\
\

\f0\b INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR\

\f1\b0 \
Chewie paces under the shelter of the Millennium Falcon's landing gear.  \
The giant Wookiee pats the underbelly of his beloved ship and barks a \
few reassuring words.  As he searches worriedly for his captain, \
something at last catches his eye.\
\
Chewie lets out a relieved shriek at seeing Han and Leia running toward \
the ship.  The Wookiee runs out into the falling ice, lets out a howl, \
then runs up the ship's ramp.  Han and Leia run up the ramp after him, \
closely followed by Threepio.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Hurry up, goldenrod, or you're \
		going to be a permanent resident!\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Wait!  Wait!\
\

\f0\b INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - ICE CORRIDOR\

\f1\b0 \
Imperial troops run through the base corridors.  Vader surveys the \
place.  A huge chunk falls, almost hitting him, but  he calmly, \
purposefully, continues around it.\
\

\f0\b INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGER - MILLENNIUM FALCON\

\f1\b0 \
A distant, huge, explosion rocks the hangar deck.  Ice cakes come \
crashing down on the Millennium Falcon.\
\

\f0\b INT. MAIN HANGAR - MILLENNIUM FALCON - MAIN HOLD\

\f1\b0 \
Han, standing before a control panel, is busy flipping switches as \
Chewie watches a troublesome gauge.  A worried Leia observes their \
efforts.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(to Chewie)\
		How's this?\
\
The Wookiee barks a negative reply.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Would it helped if I got out and \
		pushed?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		It might.\
\
Threepio clanks into the hold.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Captain Solo, Captain Solo... sir, \
		might I suggest that you...\
\
Han gives the gold robot a devastating look.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		It can wait.\
\

\f0\b INT. MAIN HANGAR - MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
They move to the cockpit where Han flips some more switches.  Leia \
watches him, impatient, disbelieving.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		This bucket of bolts is never going \
		to get us past that blockade.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		This baby's got a few surprises \
		left in her, sweetheart.\
\
Han and Leia look out the cockpit window and see a squad of \
stormtroopers rushing into the far side of the hangar.\
\
Quickly, Han straps himself into the pilot's seat and Leia into the \
navigator's chair.\
\

\f0\b INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR\

\f1\b0 \
Stormtroopers hurriedly set up a large bazookalike weapon.  Behind them \
the giant hangar doors open slowly.\
\

\f0\b EXT. MAIN HANGAR - MILLENNIUM FALCON\

\f1\b0 \
A laser gun appears on the Falcon and swings around to aim at the \
Imperial troops.\
\
The stormtroopers, preparing to fire their bazooka cannon, are hit by \
the Falcon's fire and are thrown about in all directions.\
\

\f0\b INT. MAIN HANGAR - MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Chewie rushes into the cockpit.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Come on!  Come on!  Switch over.\
		Let's hope we don't have a burnout.\
\
A laser hits the window near Chewie as he is settling into his chair.  \
Letting out a loud whelp, Chewie quickly pulls back on the controls and \
the first stage of engine fire can be heard.  Han flashes a big grin at \
Leia.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		See?\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Someday you're going to be wrong, \
		and I hope I'm there to see it.\
\
Han looks at Chewie.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Punch it!\
\
The roar of the Falcon's main engines blasts out everything as the ice-\
cave wall rushes by outside the cockpit window.\
\

\f0\b INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR\

\f1\b0 \
More stormtroopers run into the hangar, closely followed by Vader.  \
Hearing the loud roar of the Millennium Falcon's engines, Vader looks \
toward the main hangar doors just in time to see the Falcon lift up and \
disappear outside the cave.\
\

\f0\b EXT. HOTH - ICE SLOPE - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
Luke and two other pilots look up as the Millennium Falcon races above \
them, flying very close to the ground.\
\
The three pilots turn then, and trudge onward toward their X-wing \
fighters, each going to his own ship.  Luke waves farewell, then heads \
toward his own fighter.  \
\
Artoo, seated on his cubbyhole, chirps an excited greeting as Luke \
climbs aboard the spacecraft.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Artoo!  Get her ready for takeoff.\
\
From his ship, Luke sees Wedge in his own X-wing, preparing for \
takeoff.\
\

\f0\b 				WEDGE\

\f1\b0 		Good luck, Luke.  See you at \
		the rendezvous.\
\
Luke smiles and nods at Wedge, then lowers himself into the cockpit of \
his X-wing while Artoo waits in the cubbyhole, beeping impatiently.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Don't worry, Artoo.  We're going, \
		we're going.\
\
The canopy over the X-wing lowers and snaps shut.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE -  LUKE'S X-WING\

\f1\b0 \
Luke's fighter, its wings closed, speeds away from the icy planet.  \
Soon it disappears into the stars.\
\

\f0\b INT.  LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Luke, looking thoughtful, suddenly makes a decision.  He flips several \
switches.  The stars shift as he takes his fighter into a steep turn.  \
The X-wing banks sharply and flies away in a new direction.\
\
The monitor screen on Luke's control panel prints out a question from \
the concerned Artoo.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		There's nothing wrong, Artoo.\
		I'm just setting a new course.\
\
Artoo beeps once again.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		We're not going to regroup with \
		the others.\
\
Artoo begins a protest, whistling an unbelieving, "What?!"\
\
Luke reads Artoo's exclamation on his control panel.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		We're going to the Dagobah system.\
\
Luke checks his readouts and makes a few adjustments.  He rides along \
with only the soft hum of the instruments to break the silence.  \
Finally, Artoo chirps up.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		Yes, Artoo?\
\
Artoo utters a soft, carefully phrased steam of whistles.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink, chuckling)\
		That's all right.  I'd like to \
		keep it on manual control for a \
		while.\
\
The little droid lets out a defeated whimper.  Luke smiles, and \
continues on his course.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON\

\f1\b0 \
The Millennium Falcon speeds away from Hoth, closely followed by one \
huge Star Destroyer and four tiny TIE fighters.\
\
As it is pursued, the Falcon races toward two very bright star-sized \
objects.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Inside the cockpit, Chewie lets out a loud howl.  Han checks as the \
ship is buffeted by exploding flak.  He appears to be doing six things \
at once.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(harried)\
		I saw them!  I saw them!\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Saw what?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Star Destroyers, two of them, \
		coming right at us.\
\
Threepio bumps and bangs his way into the cockpit.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Sir, sir!  Might I suggest...\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(to Leia)\
		Shut him up or shut him down!\
			(to Chewie)\
		Check the deflector shield!\
\
Chewie barks a reply as he readjusts an overhead switch.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Oh, great.  Well, we can still \
		outmaneuver them.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON - STAR DESTROYERS\

\f1\b0 \
The Millennium Falcon races toward one of the huge oncoming Star \
Destroyers.  Suddenly, the Falcon starts into a deep dive straight \
down, closely followed by four TIE fighters.  The underside of the Star \
Destroyer continues on a collision course with two oncoming Star \
Destroyers.  Slowly, it starts to veer to the left.\
\

\f0\b INT. STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE\

\f1\b0 Out the front window, the two approaching Star Destroyers can be seen \
veering to the left.\
\

\f0\b 				IMPERIAL OFFICER\

\f1\b0 		Take evasive action!\
\
Alarms sound all over the huge ship.  The two other Star Destroyers get \
closer, one of them moving over the bridge so close that it makes \
brushing contact with it.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON - TIE FIGHTERS\

\f1\b0 \
The Millennium Falcon races away from the colliding Star Destroyers, \
still followed by four TIE fighters.  Laser bolts spark the pitch-black \
skies.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Things have calmed down a bit, but the race isn't over yet.  Chewie \
barks at Han.  Leia is still trying to recover from the steep dive.  \
The ship is buffeted by laser blasts.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Prepare to make the jump to light-\
		speed.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		But, sir!\
\
The buffeting of lasers becomes louder and stronger.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		They're getting closer!\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(with a gleam in his \
			 eye)\
		Oh yeah?  Watch this.\
\
Expectantly, they look out the cockpit window as stars do not go into \
hyperspace, but just sit there.\
\
Han and Chewie look at each other and are thrown into an acute state of \
concern.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Watch what?\
\
Han tries again.  Still nothing.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		I think we're in trouble.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		If I may say so, sir, I noticed \
		earlier that the hyperdrive \
		motivator has been damaged.  It's \
		impossible to go to light-speed!\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		We're in trouble!\
\
The explosions become heavier.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON - TIE FIGHTERS - STAR DESTROYER\

\f1\b0 \
The Falcon races into the starry vastness, followed by the four \
Imperial TIE fighters and an Imperial Star Destroyer.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Stars race by as flak bursts outside the Falcon's window.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD\

\f1\b0 \
Han works furiously at some control panels while giving various orders \
to Chewie.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Horizontal boosters...!\
			(Chewie barks)\
		Alluvial dampers...!  Well that's \
		not it.\
			(Chewie barks)\
		Bring me the hydrospanners!\
\
Chewie hurries over to the pit and places the tools on the edge.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		I don't know how we're going to \
		get out of this one.\
\
Suddenly, a loud thump hits the side of the Falcon, causing it to lurch \
radically.  Chewie barks.  The tools fall into the pit on top of Han.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Oww!  Chewie!\
\
More turbulence rocks the ship.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		That was no laser blast!  Something \
		hit us.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 			(over comlink)\
		Han, get up here!\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Come on, Chewie!\
\
Han climbs out of the hold like a shot.  Both he and Chewie run out of \
the hold and toward the cockpit.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Out the front cockpit window, they see hundreds of asteroids racing by.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Asteroids!\
\
Han changes places with Leia who has been at the controls, and Chewie \
gets into his chair.  Han works his controls as a chunk of rock crosses \
in front of the ship.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Oh, no!  Chewie, set two-seven-\
		one.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		What are you doing?  You're not \
		actually going into an asteroid \
		field?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		They'd be crazy to follow us, \
		wouldn't they?\
\
Another asteroid thumps against the ship and Leia winces at the jolt.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		You don't have to do this to \
		impress me.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Sir, the possibility of successfully \
		navigating an asteroid field is \
		approximately three thousand, seven \
		hundred and twenty to one.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Never tell me the odds!\
\

\f0\b EXT. ASTEROID BELT - MILLENNIUM FALCON\

\f1\b0 \
The Falcon turns into the asteroid storm and as the ship completes its \
turn, asteroids start coming straight at the cockpit windows.\
\
A large asteroid tumbles away from the Falcon's path at top speed.  \
Several smaller asteroids crash into the big one, creating small \
explosions on its surface.  Other asteroids of all sizes pass by in \
every direction, some colliding and exploding.  The tiny Millennium \
Falcon veers around the big asteroid and races past it through the rain \
of rocks, followed by four TIE fighters, which bob and weave around the \
asteroids.\
\
One of the pursuing TIE fighters connects with an asteroid and \
explodes.  The other fighters are pelted with a steady stream of \
smaller explosions.\
\
Two huge asteroids tumble toward the Millennium Falcon, which quickly \
banks around both of them.  The three TIE fighters follow in hot \
pursuit until one of the fighters scrapes an asteroid and tumbles out \
of control into deep space.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - STAR DESTROYER - ASTEROID BELT\

\f1\b0 \
The massive Star Destroyer blasts oncoming asteroids as it follows the \
Falcon.  Smaller asteroids explode across its vast surface.\
\

\f0\b EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - TIE FIGHTERS - ASTEROID BELT\

\f1\b0 \
The Falcon twists on its side as it races around an oncoming asteroid.  \
Two TIE fighters follow in the distance, coming from either side.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Asteroids race by the cockpit window as Han pilots his trusty craft \
through the dangerous field.\
\
Looking out the cockpit window, the Falcon crew sees a big asteroid \
drop past the window, narrowly missing their ship.\
\
Chewie barks in terror as a slightly smaller asteroid comes especially \
close - to close - and bounces off the Falcon with a loud crunch.  \
Threepio's hands cover his eyes.  He manages a short peek at the \
cockpit window.  Princess Leia sits stone-faced, staring at the action.  \
Han gives her a quick look.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		You said you wanted to be around \
		when I made a mistake; well, this \
		could be it, sweetheart.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		I take it back.  We're going to \
		get pulverized if we stay out here \
		much longer.\
\
The group watches as more asteroids race by outside the window.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		I'm not going to argue with that.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Pulverized?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		I'm going in closer to one of \
		those big ones.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Closer?\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Closer?!\
\
Chewbacca barks the same word, only louder.\
\

\f0\b EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - ASTEROID BELT\

\f1\b0 \
The Millennium Falcon dives toward the surface of one of the moon-sized \
asteroids.  There is a continued display of explosions against the \
starry void as smaller asteroids collide with larger chunks of rock.  \
The two remaining TIE fighters follow the Falcon to the large asteroid.  \
The Falcon skims the surface of the giant asteroid as, all the while, \
small asteroids explode on the surface of the ship.\
\
The TIE fighters approach the Falcon, but a giant asteroid hurtles \
directly into their path.  As the asteroid continues on its way, it \
leaves remains of the two exploded TIE fighters to tumble into deep \
space.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Rattled by the violent rocking of the starship, Threepio is nearly in \
hysterics.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Oh, this is suicide!\
\
Han notices something on his main scope and nudges his faithful \
Wookiee, pointing.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		There.  That looks pretty good.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		What looks pretty good?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Yeah.  That'll do nicely.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 			(to Leia)\
		Excuse me, ma'am, but where are \
		we going?\
\
Out the cockpit window, they see that they are skimming the surface of \
the enormous asteroid and nearing a large crater.\
\

\f0\b EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GIANT ASTEROID CRATER\

\f1\b0 \
The Millennium Falcon dives into the huge crater and disappears.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		I hope you know what you're doing.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Yeah, me too.\
\

\f0\b INT. GIANT ASTEROID CRATER\

\f1\b0 \
The Falcon races down into the crater.  The walls are barely visible as \
the ship speed through the tunnellike opening.  A small cave appears on \
one side of the crater, and the Falcon turns, slows, and scoots into \
it.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE -  LUKE'S X-WING\

\f1\b0 \
The tiny X-wing speeds toward the cloud cover of Dagobah.  Artoo, \
riding on the back of the fighter, turns his head back and forth with \
some anxiety.\
\

\f0\b INT.  LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Luke watches Artoo's words as they are translated and screened on the \
computer scope.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		Yes, that's it.  Dagobah.\
\
Artoo beeps a hopeful inquiry.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		No, I'm not going to change my \
		mind about this.\
			(getting a little nervous)\
		I'm not picking up any cities or\
		technology.  Massive life-form \
		readings, though.  There's something\
		alive down there...\
\
Artoo beeps, this time a slightly worried question.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		Yes, I'm sure it's perfectly safe \
		for droids.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - DAGOBAH -  LUKE'S X-WING\

\f1\b0 \
The X-wing continues its flight through the twilight above the cloud-\
covered planet.\
\

\f0\b INT.  LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Luke sees the cloud race by as he takes his craft closer to the planet.  \
He must operate his controls carefully since the cloud cover has \
completely obscured his vision.  An alarm buzzes in the background, \
Artoo beeps and whistles frantically.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		I know, I know!  All the scopes are \
		dead.  I can't see a thing!  Just \
		hang on, I'm going to start the \
		landing cycle...\
\
The blast of the retrorockets is deafening, drowning out Artoo's \
electronic squeals.  Suddenly, there is a cracking sound as if limbs \
were being broken off trees and then a tremendous jolt as the \
spacecraft stops.  Luke pulls a switch and his canopy pops open.\
\

\f0\b EXT. DAGOBAH - DUSK\

\f1\b0 \
The mist-shrouded X-wing fighter is almost invisible in the thick fog.  \
Luke climbs out onto the long nose of the spacecraft as Artoo pops out \
of his cubbyhole on the back.  The young warrior surveys the fog, which \
is barely pierced by the ship's landing lights.  About all he can make \
out are some giant, twisted trees nearby.  Artoo whistles anxiously.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		No, Artoo, you stay put.  I'll \
		have a look around.\
\
Artoo lets out a short beep.  As Luke moves along the nose, Artoo loses \
his balance and disappears with a splash into the boggy lake.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Artoo?\
\
Luke kneels and leans over the plane looking for Artoo, but the water \
is still and reveals no sign of the little droid.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Artoo!  Where are you?\
\
A small periscope breaks the surface of the water and a gurgly beep is \
heard.  The periscope starts to move to shore.  Relieved, Luke starts \
running along the nose of the fighter to its tip.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Artoo!  You be more careful.\
\
The outline of the shore is now more than ten feet away.\
\
Luke jumps off the plane into the water, scrambles up to the shore, and \
turns to look for Artoo.  The periscope still steadily moves toward \
shore.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Artoo - that way!\
\
Suddenly, through the thick fog layer, a dark shape appears, moving \
toward the little droid.  The dark, sinuous bog beast dives beneath the \
swampy water, making a loud clunk against Artoo's metal hull.  The \
droid disappears from sight, uttering a pathetic electronic scream.\
\
Holding his ignited lightsaber before him, Luke wades a few feet into \
the murky pool, looking for any sign of his little friend.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Artoo!\
\
The black surface is still as death itself... until a few bubbles begin \
to appear.  Then, phheewaat!! The runt-size robot is spit out of the \
water, makes a graceful arc, and comes crashing down into a patch of \
soft gray moss.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Oh, no!  Are you all right?  Come \
		on.  You're lucky you don't taste \
		very good.  Anything broken?\
\
Luke helps Artoo to his feet and begins wiping the mud and roots from \
his round metal body.  Artoo responds with feeble, soggy beeps.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		If you're saying coming here was \
		a bad idea, I'm beginning to agree \
		with you.  Oh, Artoo, what are we \
		doing here?  It's like... something \
		out of a dream, or, I don't know.  \
		Maybe I'm just going crazy.\
\
As Luke glances around at the spooky swamp jungle that surrounds him, \
Artoo ejects a stream of muddy water from one of his cranial ports.\
\

\f0\b EXT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - VADER'S CHAMBER\

\f1\b0 \
Admiral Piett hesitates in the entryway to Vader's private cubicle.\
\
After a moment, he steps into the room and pauses at the surprising \
sight before him.\
\
Darth Vader, his back turned, is silhouetted in the gloom on the far \
side of the chamber.  A black, insectlike droid attends him.  Among the \
various apparatuses surrounding them, a respirator tube now retracts \
from Vader's uncovered head.  The head is bald with a mass of ugly scar \
tissue covering it.  The black droid then lowers the mask and helmet \
onto Vader's head.  When it is in place, the Dark Lord turns to face \
Piett.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Yes, Admiral?\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 Our ships have sighted the \
Millennium Falcon, lord.  But... \
it has entered an asteroid field \
and we cannot risk...\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 			(interrupting)\
		Asteroids do not concern me, \
		Admiral.  I want that ship and \
		not excuses.\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		Yes, lord.\
\

\f0\b EXT. ASTEROID CAVE - MILLENNIUM FALCON\

\f1\b0 \
The pirate starship rests in a dark, dripping asteroid cave.  It is so \
dark that the cave's exact dimensions are impossible to determine.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Han and Chewie busily shut down the engine and all electronic systems.  \
Threepio and Leia watch worriedly.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		I'm going to shut down everything \
		but the emergency power systems.  \
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Sir, I'm almost afraid to ask, \
		but... does that include shutting \
		me down, too?\
\
Chewie barks "yes".  But Han thinks otherwise.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		No, I need you to talk to the \
		Falcon, find out what's wrong with \
		the hyperdrive.\
\
Suddenly, the ship lurches, causing all the loose items in the cockpit \
to go flying.  Chewie howls.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Sir, it's quite possible this \
		asteroid is not entirely stable.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Not entirely stable?  I'm glad you're \
		here to tell us these things.  Chewie, \
		take the professor in the back and \
		plug him into the hyperdrive.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Oh!  Sometimes I just don't \
		understand human behavior.  After \
		all, I'm only trying to do my job \
		in the most...\
\
The sliding door closes behind the indignant Threepio as Chewie and he \
move back to the hold.  Suddenly, the ship lurches again, throwing Leia \
across the cabin into Han's arms.  Then, abruptly, the motion stops as \
suddenly as it started.  With some surprise, Han and Leia realize they \
are in each other's arms.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Let go.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Sshh!\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Let go, please.\
\
Leia flushes, averting her eyes.  She's not exactly fighting to get \
free.  But, of course, Han blows it...\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Don't get excited.\
\
The anger rises in Leia.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Captain, being held by you isn't \
		quite enough to get me excited.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Sorry, sweetheart.  We haven't \
		got time for anything else.\
\
Han grins quickly wickedly at Leia as he turns and exits through the \
door.  Leia's confused emotions show clearly on her lovely face.\
\

\f0\b EXT. DAGOBAH - BOG CLEARING - DUSK\

\f1\b0 \
The mist has dispersed a bit, but it is still a very gloomy-looking \
swamp.\
\
Luke pulls an equipment box from the shore to the clearing.  He ignites \
a little fusion furnace and warms his hands before it.  Taking a power \
cable, he plugs it into Artoo's noselike socket.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Ready for some power?  Okay.  \
		Let's see now.  Put that in \
		there.  There you go.\
\
The droid whistles his appreciation.  Luke then opens a container of \
processed food and sits before the thermal heater.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(sighs)\
		Now all I have to do is find this \
		Yoda... if he even exists.\
\
Nervously, he looks around at the foreboding jungle.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Still... there's something familiar \
		about this place.  I feel like... \
		I don't know...\
\

\f0\b 				STRANGE VOICE\

\f1\b0 		Feel like what?\
\
Luke jumps out of his skin.  Artoo screeches in terror.  The young \
warrior grabs for his lightsaber as he spins around, looking for the \
speaker.  Mysteriously standing right in front of Luke is a strange, \
bluish creature, not more than two feet tall.  The wizened little thing \
is dressed in rags.  It motions toward Luke's sword.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(looking at the \
			 creature)\
		Like we're being watched!\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 		Away with your weapon!  I mean \
		you no harm.\
\
After some hesitation, Luke puts away his weapon, although he really \
doesn't understand why.  Artoo watches with interest.\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 		I am wondering, why are you here?\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		I'm looking for someone.\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 		Looking?  Found someone, you have, \
		I would say, hmmm?\
\
The little creature laughs.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(Trying to keep from \
			 smiling)\
		Right.\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 		Help you I can.  Yes, mmmm.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		I don't think so.  I'm looking \
		for a great warrior.\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 		Ahhh!  A great warrior.\
			(laughs and shakes \
			 his head)\
		Wars not make one great.\
\
With the aid of a walking stick, the tiny stranger moves over to one of \
the cases of supplies.  He begins to rummage around.\
\
Artoo moves to the edge of the case - standing almost eye level to the \
creature who is carelessly handling the supplies - and squeaks his \
disapproval.\
\
Their tiny visitor pick up the container of food Luke was eating from \
and takes a bite.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Put that down.  Hey!  That's my \
		dinner!\
\
The creature spits out the bite he has taken.  He makes a face.\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 		How you get so big, eating food \
		of this kind?\
\
He flips the container in Luke's direction and reaches into one of \
Luke's supply cases.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Listen, friend, we didn't mean to \
		land in that puddle, and if we \
		could get our ship out, we would, \
		but we can't, so why don't you just...\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 			(teasing)\
		Aww, cannot get your ship out?\
\
The creature spots something of interest in Luke's case.  Luke loses \
patience and grabs the case away.  The creature retains his prize - a \
tiny power lamp - and examines it with delight.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Hey, you could have broken this.\
		Don't do that.  Ohhh... you're \
		making a mess.  Hey, give me that!\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 			(retreating with \
			 the lamp)\
		Mine!  Or I will help you not.\
\
Clutching its treasure, the creature backs away from Luke, drawing \
closer to Artoo.  As Luke and the creature argue, one of Artoo's little \
arms slowly moves out toward the power lamp, completely unnoticed by \
the creature.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		I don't want your help.  I want \
		my lamp back.  I'll need it to \
		get out of this slimy mudhole.\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 		Mudhole?  Slimy?  My home this is.\
\
Artoo grabs hold of the lamp and the two little figures are immediately \
engaged in a tug-of-war over it.\
\
Artoo beeps a few angry, "Give me thats."\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 		Ah, ah, ah!\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Oh, Artoo, let him have it!\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 		Mine!  Mine!\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Artoo!\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 		Mine!\
\
The creature lets go with one hand and pokes Artoo lightly with one \
finger.  Artoo reacts with a startled squeal, and lets go.\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 		Mine!\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(fed up)\
		Now will you move along, little \
		fella?  We're got a lot of work \
		to do.\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 		No!  No, no!  Stay and help you, \
		I will.\
			(laughs)\
		Find your friend, hmm?\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		I'm not looking for a friend. \
		I'm looking for a Jedi Master.\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 		Oohhh.  Jedi Master.  Yoda.  You \
		seek Yoda.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		You know him?\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 		Mmm.  Take you to him, I will.\
			(laughs)\
		Yes, yes.  But now, we must eat.\
		Come.  Good food.  Come.\
\
With that, the creature scurries out of the clearing, laughing merrily.  \
Luke stares after him.  All he sees is the faint light from the small \
power lamp moving through the fog.  Luke makes his decision and starts \
after the creature.\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 			(in the distance)\
		Come, come.\
\
Artoo, very upset, whistles a blue streak of protest.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Stay here and watch after the \
		camp, Artoo.\
\
Artoo beeps even more frantically.  But as Luke disappears from view, \
the worried little droid grows quieter, and utters a soft electronic \
sigh.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - MAIN HOLD AREA\

\f1\b0 \
Threepio whistles and beeps a strange dialect into the control panel in \
front of him.  The control panel whistles back a few mystifying beeps.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Oh, where is Artoo when I need \
		him?\
\
Han enters the hold area and kneels on the floor near the control box.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Sir, I don't know where your ship \
		learned to communicate, but it \
		has the most peculiar dialect.  I \
		believe, sir, it says that the \
		power coupling on the negative \
		axis has been polarized.  I'm \
		afraid you'll have to replace it.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Well, of course I'll have to replace \
		it.\
\
He hands a wire coil up to Chewie who is working near the ceiling.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Here!  And Chewie...\
\
Chewie brings his head back through the trap door in the ceiling and \
whines.  Han glances back at Threepio, then speaks quietly to Chewie so \
only he can hear.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(continuing)\
		... I think we'd better replace \
		the negative power coupling.\
\
Leia finishes welding the valves she has been working on and attempts \
to reengage the system by pulling a lever attached to the valve.  It \
doesn't budge.  Han notices her struggle, and moves to help her.  She \
rebuffs him.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Hey, Your Worship, I'm only \
		trying to help.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 			(still struggling)\
		Would you please stop calling me \
		that?\
\
Han hears a new tone in her voice.  He watches her pull on the lever.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Sure, Leia.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Oh, you make it so difficult \
		sometimes.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		I do, I really do.  You could be \
		a little nicer, though.\
			(he watches her \
			 reaction)\
		Come on, admit it.  Sometimes you \
		think I'm all right.\
\
She lets go of the lever and rubs her sore hand.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Occasionally...\
			(a little smile, \
			 haltingly)\
		... when you aren't acting like \
		a scoundrel.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(laughs)\
		Scoundrel?  Scoundrel?  I like \
		the sound of that.\
\
With that, Han takes her hand and starts to massage it.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Stop that.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Stop what?\
\
Leia is flushes, confused.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Stop that!  My hands are dirty.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		My hands are dirty, too.  What \
		are you afraid of?\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 			(looking right \
			 into his eyes)\
		Afraid?\
\
Han looks at her with a piercing look.  He's never looked more \
handsome, more dashing, more confident.  He reaches out slowly and \
takes Leia's hand again from where it is resting on a console.  He \
draws it toward him.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		You're trembling.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		I'm not trembling.\
\
Then with an irresistible combination of physical strength and \
emotional power, the space pirate begins to draw Leia toward him... \
very slowly.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		You like me because I'm a scoundrel.\
		There aren't enough scoundrels in \
		your life.\
\
Leia is now very close to Han and as she speaks, her voice becomes an \
excited whisper, a tone completely in opposition to her words.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		I happen to like nice men.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		I'm a nice man.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		No, you're not.  You're...\
\
He kisses her now, with slow, hot lips.  He takes his time, as though \
he had forever, bending her body backward.  She has never been kissed \
like this before, and it almost makes her faint.  When he stops, she \
regains her breath and tries to work up some indignation, but finds it \
hard to talk.\
\
Suddenly, Threepio appears in the doorway, speaking excitedly.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Sir, sir!  I've isolated the \
		reverse power flux coupling.\
\
Han turns slowly, icily, from their embrace.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Thank you.  Thank you very much.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Oh, you're perfectly welcome, sir.\
\
The moment spoiled, Han marches out after Threepio.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - ASTEROID FIELD\

\f1\b0 \
The Imperial fleet moves through the asteroid-filled void, intently \
seeking its prey.\
\

\f0\b INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE\

\f1\b0 \
Asteroids collide, creating a fireworks display outside the bridge \
window.  Darth Vader stands, staring out the window above the control \
deck.  Then slowly turns toward the bridge.  Before him are the \
hologram images of twenty battleship commanders.  One of these images, \
the commander of a ship that has just exploded, is fading away quickly.  \
Another image, in the center and a little apart from the others, is \
faded and continually disrupted by static.  It is the image of Captain \
Needa, commander of the Star Destroyer most hotly on the tail of the \
Millennium Falcon.  Admiral Piett and an aide stand behind the Dark \
Lord.\
\

\f0\b 				NEEDA\

\f1\b0 			(in hologram)\
		... and that, Lord Vader, was the \
		last time they appeared in any of \
		our scopes.  Considering the amount \
		of damage we've sustained, they \
		must have been destroyed.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		No, Captain, they're alive.  I \
		want every ship available to \
		sweep the asteroid field until \
		they are found.\
\
The Imperial star captains fade out one by one as Vader turns to \
Admiral Piett.\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 Lord Vader.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Yes, Admiral, what is it?\
\
The admiral is scared, his face white as a sheet.\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		The Emperor commands you make \
		contact with him.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Move the ship out of the asteroid \
		field so that we can send a clear \
		transmission.\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		Yes, my lord.\
\

\f0\b EXT. ASTEROID FIELD - VADER'S STAR DESTROYER\

\f1\b0 \
Vader's Imperial Star Destroyer moves against the vast sea of stars \
away from the rest of the fleet.\
\

\f0\b INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - VADER'S CHAMBER\

\f1\b0 \
The Dark Lord, Darth Vader, is alone in his chamber.  A strange sound \
enters the room and a light begins to play across Vader's black figure.  \
He looks up and bows quickly.\
\
A twelve-foot hologram of the Galactic Emperor materializes before \
Vader.  The Emperor's dark robes and monk's hood are reminiscent of the \
cloak worn by Ben Kenobi.  His voice is even deeper and more \
frightening than Vader's.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		What is thy bidding, my master?\
\

\f0\b 				EMPEROR\

\f1\b0 		There is a great disturbance in \
		the Force.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		I have felt it.\
\

\f0\b 				EMPEROR\

\f1\b0 		We have a new enemy - Luke \
		Skywalker.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Yes, my master.\
\

\f0\b 				EMPEROR\

\f1\b0 		He could destroy us.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		He's just a boy.  Obi-Wan can no \
		longer help him.\
\

\f0\b 				EMPEROR\

\f1\b0 		The Force is strong with him.  The \
		son of Skywalker must not become a \
		Jedi.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		If he could be turned, he would \
		become a powerful ally.\
\

\f0\b 				EMPEROR\

\f1\b0 		Yes.  Yes.  He would be a great \
		asset.  Can it be done?\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		He will join us or die, my \
		master.\
\
Vader kneels.  The supreme Emperor passes a hand over the crouched Lord \
of the Sith and fades away.\
\

\f0\b EXT. DAGOBAH - CREATURE'S HOUSE - NIGHT\

\f1\b0 \
A heavy downpour of rain pounds through the gnarled trees.  A strange \
baroque mud house sits on a moss-covered knoll on the edge of a small \
lagoon.  The small, gnomish structure radiates a warm glow from its \
thick glass windows.  As rain tap-dances a merry tune on Artoo's head, \
the stubby little droid rises up on his tip-toes to peek into one of \
the glowing portals.\
\

\f0\b INT. CREATURE'S HOUSE\

\f1\b0 \
Artoo, peeking in the window, sees the inside of the house - a very \
plain, but cozy dwelling.  Everything is in the same small scale as the \
creature.  The only thing out of place in the miniature room is Luke, \
whose height makes the four-foot ceiling seem even lower.  He sits \
cross-legged on the floor of the living room.\
\
The creature is in an adjoining area - his little kitchen - cooking up \
an incredible meal.  The stove is a steaming hodgepodge of pots and \
pans.  The wizened little host scurries about chopping this, shredding \
that, and showering everything with exotic herbs and spices.  He rushes \
back and forth putting platters on the table in front of Luke, who \
watches the creature impatiently.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Look, I'm sure it's delicious.  \
		I just don't understand why we \
		can't see Yoda now.\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 		Patience!  For the Jedi it is \
		time to eat as well.  Eat, eat.  \
		Hot.  Good food, hm? Good, hmm?\
\
Moving with some difficulty in the cramped quarters, Luke sits down \
near the fire and serves himself from the pot.  Tasting the unfamiliar \
concoction, he is pleasantly surprised.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		How far away is Yoda?  Will it \
		take us long to get there?\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 		Not far.  Yoda not far.  Patience.\
		Soon you will be with him.\
			(tasting food from \
			 the pot)\
		Rootleaf, I cook.  Why wish you \
		become Jedi?  Hm?\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Mostly because of my father, I \
		guess.\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 		Ah, your father.  Powerful Jedi \
		was he, powerful Jedi, mmm.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(a little angry)\
		Oh, come on.  How could you know \
		my father?  You don't even know \
		who I am.\
			(fed up)\
		Oh, I don't know what I'm doing \
		here.  We're wasting our time.\
\
The creature turns away from Luke and speaks to a third party.\
\

\f0\b 				CREATURE\

\f1\b0 			(irritated)\
		I cannot teach him.  The boy has \
		no patience.\
\
Luke's head spins in the direction the creature faces.  But there is no \
one there.  The boy is bewildered, but it gradually dawns on him that \
the little creature is Yoda, the Jedi Master, and that he is speaking \
with Ben.\
\

\f0\b 				BEN'S VOICE\

\f1\b0 		He will learn patience.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		Hmmm.  Much anger in him, like his father.\
\

\f0\b 				BEN'S VOICE\

\f1\b0 		Was I any different when you \
		taught me?\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		Hah.  He is not ready.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Yoda!  I am ready.  I... Ben!  I \
		can be a Jedi.  Ben, tell him I'm \
		ready.\
\
Trying to see Ben, Luke starts to get up but hits his head on the low \
ceiling.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		Ready, are you?  What know you \
		of ready?  For eight hundred years \
		have I trained Jedi.  My own counsel \
		will I keep on who is to be trained!\
		A Jedi must have the deepest \
		commitment, the most serious mind.\
			(to the invisible \
			 Ben, indicating Luke)\
		This one a long time have I watched.\
		All his life has he looked away...\
		to the future, to the horizon.\
		Never his mind on where he was.\
		Hmm?  What he was doing.  Hmph.  \
		Adventure.  Heh!  Excitement.  Heh!  \
		A Jedi craves not these things.\
			(turning to Luke)\
		You are reckless!\
\
Luke looks down.  He knows it is true.\
\

\f0\b 				BEN'S VOICE\

\f1\b0 		So was I, if you'll remember.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		He is too old.  Yes, too old to \
		begin the training.\
\
Luke thinks he detects a subtle softening in Yoda's voice.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		But I've learned so much.\
\
Yoda turns his piercing gaze on Luke, as though the Jedi Master's huge \
eyes could somehow determine how much the boy had learned.  After a \
long moment, the little Jedi turns toward where he alone sees Ben.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 			(sighs)\
		Will he finished what he begins?\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		I won't fail you - I'm not afraid.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 			(turns slowly toward \
			 him)\
		Oh, you will be.  You will be.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - STAR DESTROYERS - ASTEROID FIELD\

\f1\b0 \
The Imperial fleet around Vader's ship is surrounded by the asteroid \
storm.  Asteroids big and small pelt the vast exteriors of the menacing \
ships.  One of the smaller Imperial vessels is hit by a huge asteroid \
and explodes in a brilliant flash of light.\
\

\f0\b INT. ASTEROID CAVE - MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
The cockpit is quiet and lit only by the indicator lights on the \
control panel.  Princess Leia sits in the pilot's seat.\
\
She runs her hand across the control panel as she thinks of Han and the \
confusion he has created within her.  Suddenly, something outside the \
cockpit window catches her eye.  The reflection of the panel lights \
obscures her vision until a soft suctionlike cup attaches itself to the \
windscreen.  Leia\
moves closer to see what it might be.  Large, yellow eyes flash open \
and stare back at her.  Startled, she jumps back into her seat, her \
heart pounding.  There is a scurry of feet and a loud screech, and in \
an instant the eyes are gone.  The young princess catches her breath, \
jumps out of her chair, and races from the cockpit.\
\

\f0\b INT. ASTEROID CAVE - MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD AREA\

\f1\b0 \
The lights go bright for a second then out again.  Threepio and \
Chewbacca watch as Han finishes with some wires.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Sir, if I may venture an opinion...\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		I'm not really interested in your \
		opinion, Threepio.\
\
Leia rushes into the cabin just as Han drops the final floor panel into \
place.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 			(out of breath)\
		There's something out there.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Where?\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Outside, in the cave.\
\
As she speaks, there comes a sharp banging on the hull.  Chewie looks \
up and barks anxiously.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		There it is.  Listen!  Listen!\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		I'm going out there.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Are you crazy?!\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		I just got this bucket back \
		together.  I'm not going to let \
		something tear it apart.\
\
He and Chewie grab their breath masks off a rack and hurry out.  Leia \
follows.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Then I'm going with you.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		I think it might be better if I \
		stay here and guard the ship.\
			(hears another \
			 mysterious noise)\
		Oh, no.\
\

\f0\b EXT. ASTEROID CAVE - MILLENNIUM FALCON\

\f1\b0 \
It is very dark inside the huge asteroid cave, too dark to see what is \
attacking the ship.\
\
Leia stamps her foot on the floor of the cave.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		This ground sure feels strange.\
		It doesn't feel like rock at all.\
\
Han kneels and studies the ground, then attempts to study the outline \
of the cave.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		There's an awful lot of moisture \
		in here.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		I don't know.  I have a bad feeling \
		about this.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Yeah.\
\
Chewie barks through his face mask, and points toward the ship's \
cockpit.  A five-foot-long shape can be seen moving across the top of \
the Falcon.  The leathery creature lets out a screech as Han blasts it \
with a laser bolt.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(to Leia)\
		Watch out!\
\
The black shape tumbles off the spaceship and onto the ground in front \
of the princess.  Han bends down to investigate the dead creature.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Yeah, that's what I thought.\
		Mynock.  Chewie, check the rest \
		of the ship, make sure there \
		aren't any more attached.  They're \
		chewing on the power cables.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Mynocks?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Go on inside.  We'll clean them \
		off if there are any more.\
\
Just then, a swarm of the ugly creatures swoops through the air.  Leia \
puts her arms over her head to protect herself as she runs toward the \
ship.  Chewie shoos another Mynock away with his blaster.  Several of \
the batlike creatures flap their wings loudly against the cockpit \
window of the Falcon.  Inside, Threepio shudders at their presence.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Ohhh!  Go away!  Go away!  Beastly \
		little thing.  Shoo!  Shoo!\
\
Han looks around the strange, dripping cave.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Wait a minute...\
\
He unholsters his blaster and fires at the far side of the huge cave.  \
The cavern begins to shake and the ground starts to buckle.\
\
Chewie barks and moves for the ship, followed closely by Leia and Han.  \
The large wings of the Mynocks flap past them as they protect their \
faces and run up the platform.\
\

\f0\b INT. ASTEROID CAVE - MILLENNIUM FALCON - ENTRY AREA\

\f1\b0 \
As soon as Han and Leia are on board, Chewie closes the main hatch.  \
The ship continues to shake and heave.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		All right, Chewie, let's get \
		out of here!\
\
The Wookiee heads for the cockpit as Han, followed by Threepio, rushes \
to the hold area and checks the scopes on the control panel.  Leia \
hurries after.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		The Empire is still out there.\
		I don't think it's wise to...\
\
Han rushes past her and heads for the cockpit.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(interrupting)\
		No time to discuss this in\
		committee.\
\
And with that he is gone.  The main engines of the Falcon begin to \
whine.  Leia races after him, bouncing around in the shaking ship.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 			(angry)\
		I am not a committee!\
\

\f0\b INT. ASTEROID CAVE - MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Han is already in the pilot's seat pulling back on the throttle.  The \
cave-quake has greatly diminished.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		You can't make the jump to light-\
		speed in this asteroid field...\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Sit down, sweetheart.  We're \
		taking off!\
\
As the ship begins to move forward, Chewie barks.  He notices something \
out the window ahead.  Threepio sees it too.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Look!\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		I see it, I see it.\
\
Suddenly, a row of jagged white stalagmites and stalactites can be seen \
surrounding the entrance.  And as the Falcon moves forward, the \
entrance to the cave grows ever smaller.  Han pulls hard on the \
throttle, sending his ship surging forward.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		We're doomed!\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		The cave is collapsing.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		This is no cave.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		What?\
\
Leia's mouth drops open .  She sees that the rocks of the cave entrance \
are not rocks at all, but giant teeth, quickly closing around the tiny \
ship.  Chewie howls.\
\

\f0\b INT. SPACE SLUG MOUTH\

\f1\b0 \
The Millennium Falcon, zooming through the monster's mouth, rolls on \
its side and barely makes it between two of the gigantic white teeth \
before the huge jaws slams closed.\
\

\f0\b EXT. CAVE ENTRANCE - GIANT ASTEROID\

\f1\b0 \
The enormous space slug moves its head out of the cave as the Falcon \
flies out of its mouth.  The monster tilts its head, watching the \
starship fly away.\
\

\f0\b EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GIANT ASTEROID\

\f1\b0 \
The Falcon races out of the asteroid crater and into the deadly rain of \
the asteroid storm.\
\

\f0\b EXT. DAGOBAH - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
With Yoda strapped to his back, Luke climbs up one of the many thick \
vines that grow in the swamp.  Panting heavily, he continues his course \
- climbing, flipping through the air, jumping over roots, and racing in \
and out of the heavy ground fog.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		Run!  Yes.  A Jedi's strength \
		flows from the Force.  But beware \
		of the dark side.  Anger... fear... \
		aggression.  The dark side of \
		the Force are they.\
		Easily they flow, quick to join \
		you in a fight.  If once you \
		start down the dark path, forever \
		will it dominate your destiny, \
		consume you it will, as it did \
		Obi-Wan's apprentice.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Vader.  Is the dark side stronger?\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		No... no... no.  Quicker, easier, \
		more seductive.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		But how am I to know the good side \
		from the bad?\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		You will know.  When you are calm, \
		at peace.  Passive.  A Jedi uses \
		the Force for knowledge and \
		defense, never for attack.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		But tell me why I can't...\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 			(interrupting)\
		No, no, there is no why.  Nothing \
		more will I teach you today.\
		Clear your mind of questions.  \
		Mmm.  Mmmmmmmm.\
\
Artoo beeps in the distance as Luke lets Yoda down to the ground.  \
Breathing heavily, he takes his shirt from a nearby tree branch and \
pulls it on.\
\
He turns to see a huge, dead, black tree, its base surrounded by a few \
feet of water.  Giant, twisted roots form a dark and sinister cave on \
one side.  Luke stares at the tree, trembling.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		There's something not right here.\
\
Yoda sits on a large root, poking his Gimer Stick into the dirt.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		I feel cold, death.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		That place... is strong with the \
		dark side of the Force.  A domain \
		of evil it is.  In you must go.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		What's in there?\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		Only what you take with you.\
\
Luke looks warily between the tree and Yoda.  He starts to strap on his \
weapon belt.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		Your weapons... you will not \
		need them.\
\
Luke gives the tree a long look, than shakes his head "no."  Yoda \
shrugs.  Luke reaches up to brush aside some hanging vines and enters \
the tree.\
\

\f0\b INT. DAGOBAH - TREE CAVE\

\f1\b0 \
Luke moves into the almost total darkness of the wet and slimy cave.  \
The youth can barely make out the edge of the passage.  Holding his lit \
saber before him, he sees a lizard crawling up the side of the cave and \
a snake wrapped around the branches of a tree.  Luke draws a deep \
breath, then pushes deeper into the cave.\
\
The space widens around him, but he feels that rather than sees it.  \
His sword casts the only light as he peers into the darkness.  It is \
very quiet here.\
\
Then, a loud HISS! Darth Vader appears across the blackness, \
illuminated by his own just-ignited laser sword.  Immediately, he \
charges Luke, saber held high.  He is upon the youth in seconds, but \
Luke sidesteps perfectly and slashes at Vader with his sword.\
\
Vader is decapitated.  His helmet-encased head flies from his shoulders \
as his body disappears into the darkness.  The metallic banging of the \
helmet fills the cave as Vader's head spins and bounces, smashes on the \
floor, and finally stops. For an instant it rests on the floor, then it \
cracks vertically.  The black helmet and breath mask fall away to \
reveal... Luke's head.\
\
Across the space, the standing Luke gasps at the sight, wide-eyed in \
terror.\
\
The decapitated head fades away, as in a vision.\
\

\f0\b EXT. DAGOBAH - CAVE - DUSK\

\f1\b0 \
Meanwhile, Yoda sits on the root, calmly leaning on his Gimer Stick.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - VADER'S STAR DESTROYER\

\f1\b0 \
Vader's Imperial Star Destroyer moves through space, guarded by its \
convoy of TIE fighters.\
\

\f0\b INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE - CONTROL DECK\

\f1\b0 \
Vader stands in the back control area of his ship's bridge with a \
motley group of men and creatures.  Admiral Piett and two controllers \
stand at the front of the bridge and watch the group with scorn.\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		Bounty hunters.  We don't need \
		that scum.\
\

\f0\b 				FIRST CONTROLLER\

\f1\b0 		Yes, sir.\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		Those Rebels won't escape us.\
\
A second controller interrupts.\
\

\f0\b 				SECOND CONTROLLER\

\f1\b0 		Sir, we have a priority signal \
		from the Star Destroyer Avenger.\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		Right.\
\
The group standing before Vader is a bizarre array of galactic fortune \
hunters  There is Bossk, a slimy, tentacled monster with two huge, \
bloodshot eyes in a soft baggy face; Zuckuss and Dengar, two battle-\
scarred, mangy human types; IG-88, a battered, tarnished chrome war \
droid; and Boba Fett, a man in a weapon-covered armored space suit.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		... there will be a substantial \
		reward for the one who finds the \
		Millennium Falcon.  You are free \
		to use any methods necessary, but \
		I want them alive.  No disintegrations.\
\

\f0\b 				BOBA FETT\

\f1\b0 		As you wish.\
\
At that moment, Admiral Piett approaches Vader in a rush of excitement.\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		Lord Vader!  My lord, we have \
		them.\
\

\f0\b EXT. IMPERIAL STAR DESTROYER, AVENGER - ASTEROID BELT\

\f1\b0 \
The Millennium Falcon speeds through deep space, closely followed by a \
firing Imperial Star Destroyer.  A large asteroid about the same size \
as the Falcon tumbles rapidly toward the starship.  The tiny Falcon \
banks to avoid the giant asteroid as smaller rocks pelt its surface.  \
Then the small craft roars under the asteroid which explodes harmlessly \
on the hull of the vast Star Destroyer.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
The ship shudders as flak explodes near the cockpit window.  Threepio \
checks a tracking scope an the side control panel while Leia watches \
tensely out the window.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Oh, thank goodness we're coming \
		out of the asteroid field.\
\
Chewie barks excitedly as the rain of asteroids begins to subside.  A \
bolt from the Star Destroyer sets up a fiery explosion on the back side \
of the Falcon, causing it to lurch to one side.\
\

\f0\b EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - STAR DESTROYER, AVENGER - ASTEROID FIELD\

\f1\b0 \
The Falcon is hit hard by another bolt from the Star Destroyer which \
creates a huge explosion near the cockpit of the smaller ship.  The \
Falcon tilts steeply, then rights itself.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Han corrects the angle of his ship.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Let's get out of here.  Ready for \
		light-speed?  One... two... three!\
\
Han pulls back on the hyperspace throttle and - nothing happens.  Flak \
bursts continue to rock the ship.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(frantic)\
		It's not fair!\
\
Chewie is very angry and starts to growl and bark at his friend and \
captain.  Again, Han desperately pulls back on the throttle.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		The transfer circuits are working.\
		It's not my fault!\
\
Chewie puts his head in his hands, whining.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 			(almost expecting \
			 it)\
		No light-speed?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		It's not my fault.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Sir, we just lost the main rear \
		deflector shield.  One more direct \
		hit on the back quarter and we're \
		done for.\
\
Han pauses for a moment, makes a decision, and pulls back on a lever.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Turn her around.\
\
Chewie barks in puzzlement.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		I said turn her around!  I'm \
		going to put all power in the \
		front shield.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		You're going to attack them?!\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Sir, the odds of surviving a \
		direct assault on an Imperial \
		Star Destroyer...\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Shut up!\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON - ASTEROID FIELD\

\f1\b0 \
The Falcon banks, makes a steep, twisting turn.  In the next moment it \
is racing toward the Star Destroyer, looking very small against the \
massive surface of the Imperial ship.  As it moves across the surface \
of the Star Destroyer, the Falcon bobs and weaves to avoid the numerous \
flak bursts.\
\

\f0\b INT. STAR DESTROYER, AVENGER - BRIDGE\

\f1\b0 \
The tiny Falcon heads directly for the Avenger's bridge.  The Imperials \
stationed there are stunned to see the small spaceship racing low \
across the hull, headed directly at the huge windows of the bridge \
area.  Alarms go off everywhere.  The Destroyer's commander, Captain \
Needa, can scarcely believe his eyes.\
\

\f0\b 				NEEDA\

\f1\b0 		They're moving to attack \
		position!  Shields up!\
\
Needa and his men duck as the Falcon nears the bridge window.  At the \
last minute, the Falcon veers off and out of sight.  All is quiet.\
\

\f0\b 				NEEDA\

\f1\b0 		Track them.  They may come \
		around for another pass.\
\

\f0\b 				TRACKING OFFICER\

\f1\b0 		Captain Needa, the ship no longer \
		appears on our scopes.\
\

\f0\b 				NEEDA\

\f1\b0 		They can't have disappeared.  No \
		ship that small has a cloaking \
		device.\
\

\f0\b 				TRACKING OFFICER\

\f1\b0 		Well, there's no trace of them, \
		sir.\
\

\f0\b 				COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER\

\f1\b0 		Captain, Lord Vader demands an \
		update on the pursuit.\
\

\f0\b 				NEEDA\

\f1\b0 			(drawing a breath)\
		Get a shuttle ready.  I shall \
		assume full responsibility for \
		losing them, and apologize to Lord \
		Vader. Meanwhile, continue to \
		scan the area.\
\

\f0\b 				COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER\

\f1\b0 		Yes, Captain Needa.\
\

\f0\b EXT. DAGOBAH - BOG - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
Luke's face is upside-down and showing enormous strain.  He stands on \
his hands, with Yoda perched on his feet.  Opposite Luke and Yoda are \
two rocks the size of bowling balls.  Luke stares at the rocks and \
concentrates.  One of the rocks lifts from the ground and floats up to \
rest on the other.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		Use the Force.  Yes...\
\
Yoda taps Luke's leg.  Quickly, Luke lifts one hand from the ground.  \
His body wavers, but he maintains his balance.  Artoo, standing nearby, \
is whistling and beeping frantically.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		Now... the stone.  Feel it.\
\
Luke concentrates on trying to lift the top rock.  It rises a few feet, \
shaking under the strain.  But, distracted by Artoo's frantic beeping, \
Luke loses his balance and finally collapses.  Yoda jumps clear.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		Concentrate!\
\
Annoyed at the disturbance, Luke looks over at Artoo, who is rocking \
urgently back and forth in front of him.\
\
Artoo waddles closer to Luke, chirping wildly, then scoots over the \
edge of the swamp.  Catching on, Luke rushes to the water's edge.  The \
X-wing fighter has sunk, and only the tip of its nose shows above the \
lake's surface.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Oh, no.  We'll never get it out \
		now.\
\
Yoda stamps his foot in irritation.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		So certain are you.  Always with \
		you it cannot be done.  Hear you\
		nothing that I say?\
\
Luke looks uncertainly out at the ship.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Master, moving stones around is \
		one thing.  This is totally \
		different.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		No!  No different!  Only different \
		in your mind.  You must unlearn \
		what you have learned.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(focusing, quietly)\
		All right, I'll give it a try.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		No!  Try not.  Do.  Or do not.  \
		There is no try.\
\
Luke closes his eyes and concentrates on thinking the ship out.\
\
Slowly, the X-wing's nose begins to rise above the water.  It hovers \
for a moment and then slides back, disappearing once again.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(panting heavily)\
		I can't.  It's too big.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		Size matters not.  Look at me.  \
		Judge me by my size, do you?  \
		Hm?  Mmmm.\
\
Luke shakes his head.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		And well you should not.  For my \
		ally in the Force.  And a powerful \
		ally it is.  Life creates it, makes \
		it grow.  Its energy surrounds us \
		and binds us.  Luminous beings \
		are we...\
			(Yoda pinches \
			 Luke's shoulder)\
		... not this crude matter.\
			(a sweeping gesture)\
		You must feel the Force around you.\
			(gesturing)\
		Here, between you... me... the \
		tree... the rock... everywhere!  \
		Yes, even between this land and \
		that ship!\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(discouraged)\
		You want the impossible.\
\
Quietly Yoda turns toward the X-wing fighter.  With his eyes closed and \
his head bowed, he raises his arm and points at the ship.\
\
Soon, the fighter rises above the water and moves forward as Artoo \
beeps in terror and scoots away.\
\
The entire X-wing moves majestically, surely, toward the shore.  Yoda \
stands on a tree root and guides the fighter carefully down toward the \
beach.\
\
Luke stares in astonishment as the fighter settles down onto the shore.  \
He walks toward Yoda.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		I don't... I don't believe it.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		That is why you fail.\
\
Luke shakes his head, bewildered.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - IMPERIAL FLEET\

\f1\b0 \
The fleet around Vader's Star Destroyer now includes Needa's Star \
Destroyer, the Avenger.\
\

\f0\b INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Apology accepted, Captain Needa.\
\
Clutching desperately at his throat, Captain Needa slumps down, then \
falls over on his back, at the feet of Darth Vader.  Two stormtroopers \
pick up the lifeless body and carry it quickly away as Admiral Piett \
and two of his captains hurry up to the Dark Lord.\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		Lord Vader, our ships have \
		completed their scan of the area \
		and found nothing.  If the \
		Millennium Falcon went into light-\
		speed, it'll be on the other side \
		of the galaxy by now.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Alert all commands.  Calculate \
		every possible destination along \
		their last know trajectory.\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		Yes, my lord.  We'll find them.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Don't fail me again, Admiral.\
\
Vader exits as the admiral turns to an aide, a little more uneasy than \
when he arrived.\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		Alert all commands.  Deploy the fleet.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - IMPERIAL FLEET\

\f1\b0 \
Vader's ship moves away, flanked by its fleet of smaller ships.  the \
Avenger glides off into space in the opposite direction.  No one on \
that ship or on Vader's is aware that, clinging to the side of the \
Avenger, is the pirateship, the Millennium Falcon.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Captain Solo, this time you have \
		gone too far.\
			(Chewie growls)\
		No, I will not be quiet, Chewbacca.\
		Why doesn't anyone listen to me?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(to Chewie)\
		The fleet is beginning to break \
		up.  Go back and stand by the \
		manual release for the landing claw.\
\
Chewie barks, struggles from his seat, and climbs out of the cabin.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		I really don't see how that is \
		going to help.  Surrender is a \
		perfectly acceptable alternative \
		in extreme circumstances.  The \
		Empire may be gracious enough...\
\
Leia reaches over and shuts off Threepio, mid-sentence.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Thank you.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		What did you have in mind for \
		your next move?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Well, if they follow standard \
		Imperial procedure, they'll dump \
		their garbage before they go to \
		light-speed, then we just float \
		away.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		With the rest of the garbage.\
		Then what?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Then we've got to find a safe \
		port somewhere around here.  Got \
		any ideas?\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		No.  Where are we?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		The Anoat system.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Anoat system.  There's not much \
		there.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		No.  Well, wait.  This is \
		interesting.  Lando.\
\
He points to a computer mapscreen on the control panel.  Leia slips out \
of her chair and moves next to the handsome pilot.  Small light points \
representing several systems flash by on the computer screen.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Lando system?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Lando's not a system, he's a man.\
		Lando Calrissian.  He's a card \
		player, gambler, scoundrel.  You'd \
		like him.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Thanks.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Bespin.  It's pretty far, but I \
		think we can make it.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 			(reading from the \
			 computer)\
		A mining colony?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Yeah, a Tibanna gas mine.  Lando \
		conned somebody out of it.  We \
		go back a long way, Lando and me.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Can you trust him?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		No.  But he has no love for the\
		Empire, I can tell you that.\
\
Chewie barks over the intercom.  Han quickly changes his readouts and \
stretches to look out the cockpit window.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(into intercom)\
		Here we go, Chewie.  Stand by.\
		Detach!\
\
Han leans back in his chair and gives Leia an invisible smile.  She \
thinks for a moment, shakes her head; a grin creeps across her face and \
she gives him a quick kiss.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		You do have your moments.  Not \
		many, but you have them.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - IMPERIAL STAR DESTROYER\

\f1\b0 \
As the Avenger Star Destroyer moves slowly into space, the hatch on its \
underbelly opens, sending a trail of junk behind it.  Hidden among the \
refuse, the Falcon tumbles away.  In the next moment, the Avenger roars \
off into hyperspace.  The Falcon's engines are ignited, and it races \
off into the distance.  Amidst the slowly drifting junk, Boba Fett's \
ship appears and moves after the Falcon.\
\

\f0\b EXT. DAGOBAH - BOG - CLEARING - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
In the clearing behind Yoda's house, Luke again stands upside-down, but \
his face shows less strain and more concentration than before.  Yoda \
sits on the ground below the young warrior.  On the other side of the \
clearing, two equipment cases slowly rise into the air.  Nearby Artoo \
watches, humming to himself, when suddenly he, too, rises into the air.  \
His little legs kick desperately and his head turns frantically, \
looking for help.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		Concentrate... feel the Force \
		flow.  Yes.  Good.  Calm, yes.  \
		Through the Force, things you \
		will see.  Other places.  The \
		future... the past.  Old friends \
		long gone.\
\
Luke suddenly becomes distressed.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Han!  Leia!\
\
The two packing boxes and Artoo fall to the ground with a crash, then \
Luke himself tumbles over.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 			(shaking his head)\
		Hmm.  Control, control.  You must \
		learn control.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		I saw... I saw a city in the \
		clouds.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		Mmm.  Friends you have there.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		They were in pain.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 It is the future you see.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Future?  Will they die?\
\
Yoda closes his eyes and lowers his head.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		Difficult to see.  Always in \
		motion is the future.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		I've got to go to them.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		Decide you must how to serve \
		them best.  If you leave now, \
		help them you could.  But you \
		would destroy all for which they \
		have fought and suffered.\
\
Luke is stopped cold by Yoda's words.  Gloom shrouds him as he nods his \
head sadly.\
\

\f0\b EXT. BESPIN SYSTEM - MILLENNIUM FALCON - DAWN\

\f1\b0 \
The powerful pirate starship blasts through space as it heads toward \
the soft pink planet of Bespin.\
\

\f0\b EXT. BESPIN SURFACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON\

\f1\b0 \
It is down on the gaseous planet.  Huge billowing clouds form a canyon \
as the ship banks around them, heading toward the system's Cloud City.\
\
Suddenly, two twin-pod cloud cars appear and move toward the Falcon.  \
The cloud cars draw up alongside the starship.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
One of the cloud cars opens fire on the Falcon, its flak rocking the \
ship.  Chewie barks his concern.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(into transmitter)\
		No, I don't have a landing \
		permit.  I'm trying to reach \
		Lando Calrissian.\
\
More flak bursts outside the cockpit window and rattles the ship's \
interior.  Leia looks worried.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(into transmitter)\
		Whoa!  Wait a minute!  Let me \
		explain.\
\

\f0\b 				INTERCOM VOICE\

\f1\b0 		You will not deviate from your \
		present course.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Rather touchy, aren't they?\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		I thought you knew this person.\
\
Chewie barks and growls at his boss.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(to Chewie)\
		Well, that was a long time ago.\
		I'm sure he's forgotten about \
		that.\
\

\f0\b 				INTERCOM VOICE\

\f1\b0 		Permission granted to land on \
		Platform Three-two-seven.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(into transmitter)\
		Thank you.\
\
Angry, Han snaps off the intercom.  Chewie looks at him and grunts.  \
Han turns to the worried princess and her droid.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		There's nothing to worry about.\
		We go way back, Lando and me.\
\
Leia doesn't look convinced.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Who's worried?\
\

\f0\b EXT. CLOUD CITY - MILLENNIUM FALCON - CLOUD CARS\

\f1\b0 \
The clouds part to reveal a full view of the city as it bobs in and out \
of the cloud surface.  The cloud cars and the Falcon head for the \
gleaming white metropolis.\
\

\f0\b EXT. CLOUD CITY - LANDING PLATFORM - MILLENNIUM FALCON\

\f1\b0 \
With the cloud cars still guarding it, the Falcon lands on one of the \
Cloud City's platforms.\
\

\f0\b EXT. LANDING PLATFORM - DOOR OF MILLENNIUM FALCON\

\f1\b0 \
Han and Leia stand at the open door, armed.  Behind them, Chewie, also \
armed, surveys the scene warily.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Oh.  No one to meet us.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		I don't like this.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Well, what would you like?\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Well, they did let us land.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Look, don't worry.  Everything's \
		going to be fine.  Trust me.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
Lando Calrissian, a suave, dashing black man in his thirties, leads a \
group of aides and some Cloud City guard rapidly toward the landing \
platform.\
\
The group, like the other citizens of the city, is a motley collection \
of aliens, droids, and humans of all descriptions.  Lando has a grim \
expression on his face as he moves onto the landing platform.\
\

\f0\b EXT. LANDING PLATFORM - DOOR OF MILLENNIUM FALCON\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		See?  My friend.\
			(to Chewie)\
		Keep your eyes open, okay?\
\
Chewie growls as Han walks down the ramp.  Lando and his men head \
across the bridge to meet the space pirate.\
\

\f0\b EXT. CLOUD CITY - LANDING PLATFORM\

\f1\b0 \
Lando stops ten feet from Han.  The two men eye each other carefully.  \
Lando shakes his head.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		Why, you slimy, double-crossing, \
		no-good swindler!  You've got a \
		lot of guts coming here, after \
		what you pulled.\
\
Han points to himself innocently, mouthing, "Me?"\
\
Lando moves threateningly toward Han.  Suddenly, he throws his arms \
around his startled, long-lost friend and embraces him.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 			(laughs)\
		How you doing, you old pirate? \
		So good to see you!  I never thought \
		I'd catch up with you again.  Where \
		you been?\
\
The two old friends embrace, laughing and chuckling.\
\

\f0\b EXT. LANDING PLATFORM - DOOR OF MILLENNIUM FALCON.\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 Well, he seems very friendly.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 			(wary)\
		Yes... very friendly.\
\

\f0\b EXT. CLOUD CITY - LANDING PLATFORM\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		What are you doing here?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(gestures toward \
			 the Falcon)\
		Ahh... repairs.  I thought you \
		could help me out.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 			(in mock panic)\
		What have you done to my ship?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Your ship?  Hey, remember, you \
		lost her to me fair and square.\
\
Chewie growls a reserved greeting.  Lando suddenly notices the princess \
and smiles.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		Hello.  What have we here?  \
		Welcome.  I'm Lando Calrissian.\
		I'm the administrator of this \
		facility.  And who might you be?\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Leia.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		Welcome, Leia.\
\
Lando bows before Leia and kisses her hand.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		All right, all right, you old \
		smoothie.\
\
Han takes Leia by the hand and steers her away from Lando.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Hello, sir.  I am See-Threepio, \
		human-cyborg relations.  My \
		facilities are at your...\
\
Before Threepio can finish his self-introduction, Lando has turned to \
follow Han and Leia, who are walking toward the city.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Well, really!\
\
Lando, his aide, Lobot, and Han lead the way across the bridge, \
followed by Threepio, Chewie and Leia.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		What's wrong with the Falcon?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Hyperdrive.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		I'll get my people to work on it.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Good.\
\
Lando turns to Leia.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		You know, that ship saved my life \
		quite a few times.  She's the \
		fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR\

\f1\b0 \
The group has crossed the narrow bridge and entered the city.  They \
walk down the lovely Art Deco passageway, rounding several corners and \
passing many small plazas as they go.  Threepio lags a bit behind.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		How's the gas mine?  Is it \
		paying off for you?\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		Oh, not as well as I'd like.\
		We're a small outpost and not \
		very self-sufficient.  And I've \
		had supply problems of every kind.\
		I've had labor difficulties...\
			(catches Han \
			 grinning at him)\
		What's so funny?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		You.  Listen to you - you sound \
		like a businessman, a responsible \
		leader.  Who'd have thought that, \
		huh?\
\
Lando is reflective.  He looks at Han a moment.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		You know, seeing you sure \
		brings back a few things.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Yeah.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 			(shakes his head)\
		Yeah.  I'm responsible these days.\
		It's the price you pay for being \
		successful.\
\
Han and Lando laugh together, and the group moves on through the \
corridor.\
\
The lagging Threepio passes a Threepio-type silver droid who is coming \
out of a door.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Oh!  Nice to see a familiar face.\
\

\f0\b 				SECOND THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 			(mumbles)\
		E chu ta!\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		How rude!\
\
Threepio stops, watching the silver droid move away.  Then he hears the \
muffled beeping and whistling of an R2 unit coming from within the \
room.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - ANTEROOM\

\f1\b0 \
Curious, Threepio enters the room.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		That sounds like an R2 unit in \
		there.  I wonder if...\
\
Threepio walks through the doorway to the main room.  He looks in.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Hello?  How interesting.  Oh, my.\
\

\f0\b 				MAN'S VOICE\

\f1\b0 			(from within)\
		Who are you?\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Oh, I'm terribly sorry.  I... I \
		didn't mean to intrude.  No, no, \
		please don't get up.  No!\
\
A laser bolt to Threepio's chest sends him flying in twenty directions.  \
Smoldering mechanical arms and legs bounce off the walls as the door \
whooshes closed behind him.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR\

\f1\b0 \
Lando, Han, and Leia continue down the corridor unaware of Threepio's \
dreadful accident.  Chewbacca glances around, sniffs the air, but \
shrugs his shoulders and follows the group.\
\

\f0\b EXT. DAGOBAH - BOG - DUSK\

\f1\b0 \
In the bright lights of the fighter, Luke loads a heavy case into the \
belly of the ship.  Artoo sits on top of the X-wing, settling down into \
his cubbyhole.  Yoda stands nearby on a log.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		Luke!  You must complete the \
		training.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		I can't keep the vision out of my \
		head.  They're my friends.  I've \
		got to help them.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		You must not go!\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		But Han and Leia will die if I \
		don't.\
\

\f0\b 				BEN'S VOICE\

\f1\b0 		You don't know that.\
\
Luke looks toward the voice in amazement.  Ben has materialized as a \
real, slightly shimmering image near Yoda.  The power of his presence \
stops Luke.\
\

\f0\b 				BEN\

\f1\b0 		Even Yoda cannot see their fate.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		But I can help them!  I feel \
		the Force!\
\

\f0\b 				BEN\

\f1\b0 		But you cannot control it.  This \
		is a dangerous time for you, \
		when you will be tempted by the \
		dark side of the Force.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		Yes, yes.  To Obi-Wan you listen.\
		The cave.  Remember your failure \
		at the cave!\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		But I've learned so much since \
		then.  Master Yoda, I promise to \
		return and finish what I've begun. \
		You have my word.\
\

\f0\b 				BEN\

\f1\b0 		It is you and your abilities the \
		Emperor wants.  that is why your \
		friends are made to suffer.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		And that is why I have to go.\
\

\f0\b 				BEN\

\f1\b0 		Luke, I don't want to lose you to \
		the Emperor the way I lost Vader.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		You won't.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		Stopped they must be.  On this \
		all depends.  Only a fully trained \
		Jedi Knight with the Force as his \
		ally will conquer Vader and his \
		Emperor.  If you end your training \
		now, if you choose the quick and \
		easy path, as Vader did, you will \
		become an agent of evil.\
\

\f0\b 				BEN\

\f1\b0 		Patience.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		And sacrifice Han and Leia?\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		If you honor what they fight for\
		... yes!\
\
Luke is in great anguish.  He struggles with the dilemma, a battle \
raging in his mind.\
\

\f0\b 				BEN\

\f1\b0 		If you choose to face Vader, you \
		will do it alone.  I cannot \
		interfere.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		I understand.\
			(he moves to his \
			 X-wing)\
		Artoo, fire up the converters.\
\
Artoo whistles a happy reply.\
\

\f0\b 				BEN\

\f1\b0 		Luke, don't give in to hate - \
		that leads to the dark side.\
\
Luke nods and climbs into his ship.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 		Strong is Vader.  Mind what you \
		have learned.  Save you it can.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		I will.  And I'll return.  I promise.\
\
Artoo closes the cockpit.  Ben and Yoda stand watching as the roar of \
the engines and the wind engulf them.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 			(sighs)\
		Told you, I did.  Reckless is \
		he.  Now matters are worse.\
\

\f0\b 				BEN\

\f1\b0 		That boy is our last hope.\
\

\f0\b 				YODA\

\f1\b0 			(looks up)\
		No.  There is another.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - PLANET DAGOBAH\

\f1\b0 \
Luke's tiny X-wing rockets away from the green planet of Dagobah and \
off into space.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - LIVING QUARTERS - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
Within the quarters assigned her on Cloud City, Leia paces in \
agitation.  She has changed from her cold-weather pants and jacket to a \
lovely dress.  Her hair is down, tied back with ribbons.  She moves \
from a large, open window and turns to see Han entering through the \
doorway.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		The ship is almost finished.\
		Two or Three more things and \
		we're in great shape.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		The sooner the better.  Something's \
		wrong here.  No one has seen or \
		knows anything about Threepio.\
		He's been gone too long to have \
		gotten lost.\
\
Han takes Leia by the shoulders and gently kisses her forehead.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Relax.  I'll talk to Lando and \
		see what I can find out.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		I don't trust Lando.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Well, I don't trust him, either.\
		But he is my friend.  Besides, \
		we'll soon be gone.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		And then you're as good as gone, \
		aren't you?\
\
Not speaking, Han considers her words and gazes at her troubled face.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - JUNK ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
The room is piled high with broken and discarded machine parts.  Four \
Ugnaughts, small hoglike creatures, separate the junk and throw some \
pieces onto a conveyer belt which moves briskly toward a pit of molten \
metal.  Pieces of Threepio's golden body move down the belt.  Chewie \
enters the room and spots an Ugnaught picking up and inspecting \
Threepio's head.  The Wookiee barks a command, startling the Ugnaught, \
then reaches to grab the head.  But the Ugnaught tosses it away from \
him to another Ugnaught.  This game of keep-away goes on until \
Threepio's head falls from their grip and bounces with a clang onto the \
ground.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - LIVING QUARTERS - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
The door zaps open.  Chewbacca walks in, carrying a packing case of \
Threepio, arms and legs hanging over the edge.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		What happened?\
\
Chewie sets the case on a table, grunting and groaning an explanation.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Where?  Found him in a junk pile?\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Oh, what a mess.  Chewie, do you \
		think you can repair him?\
\
The giant Wookiee studies the array of robot parts.  He looks at the \
princess and shrugs sadly.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Lando's got people who can fix \
		him.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		No, thanks.\
\
There is a buzz and the door slides open, revealing Lando.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		I'm sorry.  Am I interrupting \
		anything?\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Not really.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		You look absolutely beautiful.\
		You truly belong here with us \
		among the clouds.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 			(coolly)\
		Thank you.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		Will you join me for a little \
		refreshment?\
\
Han looks at Lando suspiciously, but Chewie barks at the mention of \
food and licks his lips.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		Everyone's invited, of course.\
\
Leia takes Lando's proffered arm, and the group turns to go.  Lando \
spots Threepio's remains.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		Having trouble with you droid?\
\
Han and Leia exchange a quick glance.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		No.  No problem.  Why?\
\
Han and Leia move arm-in-arm through the door, followed by Lando and \
Chewie.  The door slides closed behind them.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
Leia walks between Han and Lando as Chewie follows a short distance \
behind.  Long shafts of light pour across the corridor between tall, \
pure-white columns.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		So you see, since we're a small \
		operation, we don't fall into \
		the... uh... jurisdiction of the \
		Empire.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		So you're part of the mining \
		guild then?\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		No, not actually.  Our operation \
		is small enough not to be noticed... \
		which is advantageous for everybody \
		since our customers are anxious \
		to avoid attracting attention to \
		themselves.\
\
The group walks into another corridor and heads for a huge doorway at \
the far end.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Aren't you afraid the Empire's \
		going to find out about this \
		little operation and shut you down?\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		That's always been a danger looming \
		like a shadow over everything we've \
		built here.  But things have \
		developed that will insure security.\
		I've just made a deal that will \
		keep the Empire out of here forever.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - DINING ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
The mighty doors to the dining room slide open and the group enters the \
dining room.  At the far end of a huge banquet table sits Darth Vader.  \
Standing at his side and slightly behind him is Boba Fett, the bounty \
hunter.\
\
Faster than the wink of an eye, Han draws his blaster and pops off a \
couple of shots directly at Vader.  The Dark Lord quickly raises his \
hand, deflecting the bolts into one of the side walls, where they \
explode harmlessly.  Just as quickly, Han's weapon zips into Vader's \
hand.  The evil presence calmly places the gun on the table in front of \
him.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		We would be honored if you would \
		join us.\
\
Han gives Lando a mean look.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		I had no choice.  They arrived \
right before you did.  I'm sorry.\

\f0\b 		\
				HAN\

\f1\b0 		I'm sorry, too.\
\

\f0\b EXT.  LUKE'S X-WING - BESPIN SYSTEM\

\f1\b0 \
Luke's X-wing races through thick clouds toward Cloud City.\
\

\f0\b INT.  LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Luke is grim-faced as he pilots his course toward Bespin's shining \
city.  Artoo's beeps and whistles are transmitted onto the scope.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		No, Threepio's with them.\
\
Artoo whistles another worried inquiry.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		Just hang on.  We're almost there.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - LARGE CELL\

\f1\b0 \
Chewbacca is in a Cloud City prison cell.  The stark room is flooded \
with hot light.  To add to Chewie's misery, a high-pitched whistle \
screeches loudly.  Chewie is going mad.  He hits the wall with giant \
fists as he paces back and forth across the cell floor.  The upper \
lights go off abruptly.  The prisoner rubs his eyes and moves to a \
wall, where he listens for a moment.  Then, moaning to himself, he \
moves to a platform where the disassembled pieces of Threepio lie.  He \
picks up the golden droid's head and meditates on it for a moment, \
barking a few philosophical remarks.  Chewie sticks the robot's head on \
its torso and starts adjusting wires and circuits.\
\
Suddenly, the lights in Threepio's eyes spark to life as Chewie touches \
two connectors together.  Threepio immediately begins to speak, but his \
voice is so slow and so low as to be nearly unintelligible.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Mmmm.  Oh, my.  Uh, I, uh - Take \
		this off!  I, uh, don't mean to \
		intrude here.  I, don't, no, no, \
		no... Please don't get up.  No!\
\
Chewie looks at Threepio in bewilderment, then scratches his furry \
head.  He gets an idea and adjusts some connections, whereupon Threepio \
immediately begins speaking normally.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Stormtroopers?  Here?  We're in \
		danger.  I must tell the others.\
		Oh, no!  I've been shot!\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - PRISON ENTRY AREA\

\f1\b0 \
Darth Vader strides through the room as two stormtroopers prepare an \
elaborate torture mechanism.  Han is strapped to a rack which tilts \
forward onto the torture device.  Vader activates the mechanism, \
creating two bursts of sparks, one of which strikes Han's face.\
\
The door opens, and Vader leaves the torture room just as Han screams a \
sharp, piercing cry of agony.  Darth Vader moves to the holding \
chamber, where Lando and Boba Fett await him.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - HOLDING CHAMBER\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		Lord Vader.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 			(to Fett)\
		You may take Captain Solo to \
		Jabba the Hut after I have \
		Skywalker.\
\
Han's screams filter through the torture room door.\
\

\f0\b 				BOBA FETT\

\f1\b0 		He's no good to me dead.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		He will not be permanently damaged.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		Lord Vader, what about Leia and \
		the Wookiee?\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		They must never again leave this \
		city.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		That was never a condition of our \
		agreement, nor was giving Han to \
		this bounty hunter!\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Perhaps you think you're being \
		treated unfairly.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		No.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Good.  It would be unfortunate if \
		I had to leave a garrison here.\
\
Vader turns and sweeps into the elevator with Boba Fett.  Lando walks \
swiftly down another corridor, muttering to himself.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		This deal's getting worse all \
		the time.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - LARGE CELL\

\f1\b0 \
Chewie now has a little more of Threepio back together.  One arm is \
connected, but the legs are yet to be attached.  There is one small \
problem, however.  It seems the Wookiee has managed to put the droid's \
head on backwards.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Oh, yes, that's very good.  I like \
		that.  Oh!  Something's not right \
		because now I can't see.  Wait.  \
		Wait!  Oh, my!  what have you done?  \
		I'm backwards, you stupid furball.  \
		Only an overgrown mophead like you \
		would be stupid enough...\
\
Threepio is cut off in mid-sentence as Chewie angrily deactivates a \
circuit and the droid shuts down.  The Wookiee smells something and \
sits up.  The door to the chamber slides open and a ragged Han Solo is \
shoved into the room by two stormtroopers.  Barking his concern, the \
huge Wookiee gives Han a big hug.  Han is very pale, with dark circles \
under his eyes.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		I feel terrible.\
\
Chewie helps Han to a platform and then turns as the door slides open \
revealing Leia.  She, too, looks a little worse for wear.  The troopers \
push her into the cell, and the door slides closed.  She moves to Han, \
who is lying on the platform, and kneels next to him, gently stroking \
his head.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Why are they doing this?\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		They never even asked me any \
		questions.\
\
The cell door slides open.  Lando and two of his guards enter.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Lando.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Get out of here, Lando!\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		Shut up and listen!  Vader has \
		agreed to turn Leia and Chewie \
		over to me.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Over to you?\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		They'll have to stay here, but at \
		least they'll be safe.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		What about Han?\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		Vader's giving him to the bounty \
		hunter.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Vader wants us all dead.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		He doesn't want you at all.  He's \
		after somebody called Skywalker.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Luke?\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		Lord Vader has set a trap for him.\
\
Leia's mind is racing.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		And we're the bait.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		Well, he's on his way.\
\
Han's rage peaks.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Perfect.  You fixed us all pretty \
		good, didn't you?\
			(spits it out)\
		My friend!\
\
Han hauls off and punches Lando.  The two friends are instantly engaged \
in a frantic close-quarters fight.  The guards hit Han with their rifle \
butts and he flies across the room.  Chewie growls and starts for the \
guards.  They point their laser weapons at the giant Wookiee, but Lando \
stops them.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		Stop!  I've done all I can.  I'm \
		sorry I couldn't do better, but \
		I have my own problems.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Yeah, you're a real hero.\
\
Lando and the guards leave.  Han wipes the blood from his chin as Leia \
and Chewie help him up.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 			(dabs at his wound)\
		You certainly have a way with \
		people.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - CARBON-FREEZING CHAMBER\

\f1\b0 \
Four armor-suited stormtroopers stand at the ready in the large \
chamber, which is filled with pipes and chemical tanks.  In the middle \
of the room is a round pit housing a hydraulic platform.  Darth Vader \
and Lando stand near the platform.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		This facility is crude, but it \
		should be adequate to freeze \
		Skywalker for his journey to the \
		Emperor.\
\
An Imperial soldier appears.\
\

\f0\b 				IMPERIAL SOLDIER\

\f1\b0 		Lord Vader, ship approaching.\
		X-wing class.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Good.  Monitor Skywalker and allow \
		him to land.\
\
The soldier bows and leaves the chamber.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		Lord Vader, we only use this \
		facility for carbon freezing.  If \
		you put him in there, it might \
		kill him.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		I do not want the Emperor's prize \
		damaged.  We will test it... on \
		Captain Solo.\
\
Lando's face registers dismay.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - BESPIN SYSTEM -  LUKE'S X-WING\

\f1\b0 \
Luke's X-wing moves through the clouds as it nears the city.\
\

\f0\b INT.  LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Encountering no city guards, Luke scans the display panel with concern.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - CARBON-FREEZING CHAMBER\

\f1\b0 \
There is a great activity on the carbon-freezing platform.  Six \
Ugnaughts frantically prepare the chamber for use.  A special \
coffinlike container is put in place.  With Boba Fett in the lead, a \
squad of six stormtroopers brings in Han, Leia and Chewie.  Strapped to \
Chewie's back, with only his head, torso, and one arm assembled, is \
Threepio.  Threepio's head faces the opposite direction from Chewie's \
and the droid is constantly twisting around in a vain effort to see \
what is happening.  His one attached arm is animate and expressive, \
intermittently pointing, gesturing, and covering his eyes.  The \
remaining pieces of his body are randomly bundled to the Wookiee's back \
so that his legs and other arm stick out at odd angles from the pack.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		If only you had attached my legs, \
		I wouldn't be in this ridiculous \
		position.  Now, remember, Chewbacca, \
		you have a responsibility to me, \
		so don't do anything foolish.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 			(to Lando)\
		What's going on... buddy?\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		You're being put into carbon freeze.\
\
Boba Fett moves away from the group to Darth Vader.\
\

\f0\b 				BOBA FETT\

\f1\b0 		What if he doesn't survive?  He's \
		worth a lot to me.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		The Empire will compensate you \
		if he dies.  Put him in!\
\
Realizing what is about to happen, Chewie lets out a wild howl and \
attacks the stormtroopers surrounding Han.  Within seconds, other \
Imperial reinforcements join the scuffle, clubbing the giant Wookiee \
with their laser weapons.\
\
From the instant of Chewie's first move, Threepio begins to scream in \
panic while he tries to protect himself with his one arm.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Oh, no!  No, no, no!  Stop, \
		Chewbacca, stop...!\
\
The stormtroopers are about to bash Chewie in the face.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Stop, Chewie, stop!  Do you hear \
		me?  Stop!\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Yes, stop, please!  I'm not ready \
		to die.\
\
Han breaks away from his captors.  Vader nods to the guards to let him \
go and the pirate breaks up the fight.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Chewie!  Chewie, this won't help \
		me.  Hey!\
\
Han gives the Wookiee a stern look.\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		Save your strength.  There'll be \
		another time.  The princess - you \
		have to take care of her.  You \
		hear me?\
\
Han winks at the Wookiee, who wails a doleful farewell.\
\
In a flash the guards have slipped binders on Chewbacca, who is too \
distraught to protest.  Han turns to Princess Leia.  They look \
sorrowfully at one another, then Han moves toward her and gives her a \
final, passionate kiss.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		I love you!\
\

\f0\b 				HAN\

\f1\b0 		I know.\
\
Tears roll down Leia's face as she watches the dashing pirate walk to \
the hydraulic platform.  Han looks one final time at his friends - and \
then, suddenly, the platform drops.  Chewie howls.  Leia turns away in \
agony.\
\
Lando winces in sorrow; it makes a life-changing impression on him.\
\
Instantly, fiery liquid begins to pour down in a shower of sparks and \
fluid as great as any steel furnace.  Holding Leia, Chewie half-turns \
away from the sight, giving Threepio a view of the procedure.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		What... what's going on?  Turn \
		round, Chewbacca, I can't see.  \
		Oh... they've encased him in \
		carbonite.  He should be quite \
		well-protected - if he survives \
		the freezing process, that is.\
\
Chewie is in no mood for technical discussion; he gives the droid an \
angry glance and bark.\
\
A huge mechanical tong lifts the steaming metal-encased space pirate \
out of the vat and stands him on the platform.  Some Ugnaughts rush \
over and push the block over onto the platform.  They slide the \
coffinlike structure to the block and lift the metal block, placing it \
inside.  They then attach an electronic box onto the structure and step \
away.  Lando kneels and adjusts some knobs, measuring the heat.  He \
shakes his head in relief.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Well, Calrissian, did he survive?\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		Yes, he's alive.  And in perfect \
		hibernation.\
\
Vader turns to Boba Fett.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		He's all yours bounty hunter.\
		Reset the chamber for Skywalker.\
\

\f0\b 				IMPERIAL OFFICER\

\f1\b0 		Skywalker has just landed, my \
		lord.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Good.  See to it that he finds \
		his way here.  Calrissian, take \
		the princess and the Wookiee to \
		my ship.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		You said they'd be left in the \
		city under my supervision.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		I am altering the deal.  Pray I \
		don't alter it any further.\
\
Lando's hand instinctively goes to his throat as he turns to Leia, \
Chewie, and Threepio.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
As Luke and Artoo move carefully down a deserted corridor, they hear a \
group of people coming down a side hallway.  Artoo lets out an excited \
series of beeps and whistles.  Luke glares at the tiny droid, who stops \
in his tracks with a feeble squeak.\
\
Boba Fett enters from a side hallway followed by two guards pushing the \
floating, encased body of Han Solo.  Two stormtroopers, who follow, \
immediately spot Luke and open fire on him.  The youth draws his weapon \
and blasts the two troopers before they can get off a second shot.  The \
two guards whisk Han into another hallway as Fett lowers his arm and \
fires a deadly laser at Luke, which explodes to one side and tears up a \
huge chunk of wall.\
\
Luke rushes to a side hallway, but by the time he reaches it, Fett, \
Han, and the guards are gone.  A think metal door blocks the passage.  \
Luke turns to see Leia, Chewie, Threepio, and Lando being herded down a \
second hallway by several other stormtroopers.  Leia turns just in time \
to see Luke.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Luke!  Luke, don't - it's a \
		trap!  It's a trap!\
\
Before she can finish, she is pulled through a doorway and disappears \
from sight.  Luke races after the group, leaving little Artoo trailing \
behind.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - ANTEROOM\

\f1\b0 \
Luke runs into an anteroom and stops to get his bearings.  Leia and the \
others are nowhere to be seen.  Behind Luke, Artoo scoots down the \
corridor toward the anteroom when suddenly a giant metal door comes \
slamming down, cutting off Luke's exit.  Several more doors clang shut, \
echoing through the chamber.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - HALLWAY LEADING TO ANTEROOM\

\f1\b0 \
Artoo stands with his nose pressed against the giant metal door.  He \
whistles a long sigh of relief and, a little dazed, wanders off in the \
other direction.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - CARBON-FREEZING CHAMBER - ANTEROOM\

\f1\b0 \
Luke cautiously walks forward among hissing pipes and steam.  Seeing an \
opening above him, he stops to look up.  As he does, the platform he \
stands on begins to move.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - CARBON-FREEZING CHAMBER\

\f1\b0 \
Luke rises into the chamber, borne by the platform.  The room is \
deathly quiet.  Very little steam escapes the pipes and no one else \
seems to be in the large room.  Warily, Luke walks toward the stairway.\
\
Steam begins to build up in the chamber.  Looking up through the steam, \
Luke sees a dark figure standing on a walkway above him.  Luke holsters \
his gun and moves up the stairs to face Vader.  He feels confident, \
eager to engage his enemy.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		The Force is with you, young \
		Skywalker.  But you are not a \
		Jedi yet.\
\
Luke ignites his sword in answer.  In an instant, Vader's own sword is \
lit.  Luke lunges, but Vader repels the blow.  Again Luke attacks, and \
the swords of the two combatants clash in battle.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR\

\f1\b0 \
Leia, Lando, and Chewie, with Threepio on his back, march along, \
guarded by six stormtroopers.  The group reaches an intersection where \
Lobot and a dozen of Lando's guards stand at attention.\
\
The guards immediately aim their weapons at the startled stormtroopers.  \
Taking the stormtroopers' weapons from them, Lobot hands one to Leia \
and one to Lando.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		Well done.  Hold them in the \
		security tower - and keep it \
		quiet.  Move.\
\
As Lando's guards quickly march the stormtroopers away, Lando begins to \
undo Chewie's binding.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		What do you think you're doing?\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		We're getting out of here.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		I knew all along it had to be a \
		mistake.\
\
Chewie turns on Lando and starts to choke him.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Do you think that after what you \
		did to Han we're going to trust \
		you?\
\
Lando tries to free himself from Chewie.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 			(choking)\
		I had no choice...\
\
Chewie barks ferociously.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 			(to Chewie)\
		What are you doing?  Trust him, \
		trust him!\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Oh, so we understand, don't we, \
		Chewie?  He had no choice.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		I'm just trying to help...\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		We don't need any of your help.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 			(choking)\
		H-a-a-a...\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		What?\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		It sounds like Han.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		There's still a chance to save \
		Han... I mean, at the East \
		Platform...\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Chewie.\
\
Chewie finally releases Lando, who fights to get his breath back.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 			(to Lando)\
		I'm terribly sorry about all this. \
		After all, he's only a Wookiee.\
\

\f0\b EXT. CLOUD CITY - EAST LANDING PLATFORM - BOBA FETT'S SHIP\

\f1\b0 \
The two guards slide Han's encased body into an opening in the side of \
the bounty hunter's ship.  Boba Fett climb aboard on a ladder next to \
the cargo hold.\
\

\f0\b 				BOBA FETT\

\f1\b0 		Put Captain Solo in the cargo \
		hold.\
\
And with that, the door slams shut.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR\

\f1\b0 \
Lando, Leia, and Chewie run down a Cloud City corridor when suddenly \
they spot Artoo who rushes toward them, beeping wildly.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Artoo!  Artoo!  Where have you \
		been?\
\
Chewie turns around to see the stubby droid, causing Threepio to be \
spun out of sight of his friend.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Turn around, you wooly...! \
			(to Artoo)\
		Hurry, hurry!  We're trying to \
		save Han from the bounty hunter!\
\
Whistling frantically to Threepio, Artoo scoots along with the racing \
group.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Well, at least your still in \
		one piece!  Look what happened to \
		me!\
\

\f0\b EXT. EAST LANDING PLATFORM - SIDE BAY\

\f1\b0 \
An elevator door slides open and Lando, Leia, and Chewbacca race for a \
large bay overlooking the East Landing Platform.\
\
Just as they arrive, Boba Fett's ship takes off against a cloudy sunset \
sky.  \
\
In wild anguish, Chewie howls and starts firing at the ship.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Oh, no!  Chewie, they're behind \
		you!\
\
A laser bolt explodes near the princess.  Everyone turns to see what \
Threepio has already spotted coming from the other direction; a squad \
of stormtroopers running toward them.  Artoo peeks out from the \
elevator.\
\
Leia and Chewbacca start firing at the troopers as Lando makes a break \
for the elevator.  Laser bolts continue to explode around the princess \
and the Wookiee, but they refuse to budge.  Lando sticks his head out \
of the elevator and motions for the pair to run, but they barely \
notice.  They seem possessed, transported, as all the frustration of \
captivity and anger of loss pour through their death-dealing weapons.\
\
But after a few moments, they begin to move through the rain of laser \
fire toward the elevator.  Once they are inside, the door slams shut \
and the stormtroopers race forward.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - CARBON-FREEZING CHAMBER\

\f1\b0 \
Luke and Vader are locked in combat on the platform overlooking the \
chamber.  Their swords clash, the platform sways.  Luke aggressively \
drives Vader back, forcing Vader to use defensive tactics.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		You have learned much, young one.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		You'll find I'm full of surprises.\
\
Vader makes two quick moves, hooking Luke's sword out of his hand and \
sending it flying.  Another lightning move at Luke's feet forces the \
youth to jump back to protect himself.  Losing his balance, Luke rolls \
down the stairs to the circular carbon-freezing platform.  There he \
sprawls on the floor, surprised and shaken.  Just in time he looks up \
to see Vader, like a giant black bird, flying right at him.  Luke rolls \
away as Vader lands.  Crouching, Luke keeps his gaze steadily on his \
enemy.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Your destiny lies with me, \
		Skywalker.  Obi-Wan knew this to \
		be true.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		No!\
\
Behind Luke the hydraulic elevator cover has opened noiselessly.  All \
the while, Luke slowly, cautiously moves back, away from the Dark Lord.\
\
Suddenly, Vader attacks so forcefully that Luke loses his balance and \
falls back into the opening.  There is a rumble, and in an instant \
freezing steam rises to obscure Vader's vision.   Vader turns aside and \
deactivates his sword.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		All to easy.  Perhaps you are not \
		as strong as the Emperor thought.\
\
Through the steam behind Vader something blurs upward.  Liquid metal \
begins to pour into the pit.\
\
Vader turns around - and then looks up.  He sees Luke, who has leaped \
fifteen feet straight up and who now hangs from some hoses on the \
carbonite outlet.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Impressive... most impressive.\
\
Luke jumps down to the platform where he is separated from Vader by the \
steaming carbonite pit.  He raises his hand.  His sword, which had \
fallen on another part of the platform, swiftly jumps into his \
outstretched hand and is instantly ignited.  Vader immediately lights \
his sword as well.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Obi-Wan has taught you well.  You \
		have controlled your fear... now \
		release your anger.\
\
Luke is more cautious, controlling his anger.  He begins to retreat as \
Vader goads him on.  As Luke takes a defensive position, he realizes he \
has been foolhardy.  A quick sword exchange and Luke forces Vader back.  \
Another exchange and Vader retreats.  Luke presses forward.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Only your hatred can destroy me.\
\
Breathing hard, Luke jumps in the air, turning a somersault over Vader.  \
He lands on the floor and slashes at Vader as the room continues to \
fill up with steam.\
\
Vader retreats before Luke's skillful sword.  Vader blocks the sword, \
but looses his balance and falls into the outer rim of pipes.  The \
energy Luke has used to stop Vader has brought him to the point of \
collapse.  Luke moves to the edge and looks down, but sees no sign of \
Vader.  He then deactivates his sword, hooks it on his belt, and lowers \
himself into the pit.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - TUNNEL AND REACTOR CONTROL ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
Moving through a tunnellike entrance, Luke cautiously approaches the \
reactor room.  He ignites his sword and moves into the room and toward \
a large window as Vader enters.\
\
Luke raises his sword and moves forward to attack.\
\
Behind Luke a large piece of machinery detaches itself from the wall \
and comes smashing forward toward his back.  Luke turns and cuts it in \
half just as another machine comes hurtling at him.  Using the Force, \
Luke manages to deflect it and send it flying as if it had hit an \
invisible shield.\
\
A large pipe detaches and comes flying at Luke.  He deflects it.  \
Sparking wires pull out of the wall and begin to whip at the youth.  \
Small tools and equipment come flying at him.  Bombardment from all \
sides, Luke does his best to deflect everything, but soon he is \
bloodied and bruised.  Finally, one machine glances off his and goes \
flying out the large window.  A fierce wind blows into the room, \
unmoving, stands the dark, rocklike figure of Vader.\
\
A piece of machinery hits Luke and he is knocked out of the window.\
\

\f0\b INT. GANTRY - OUTSIDE CONTROL ROOM - REACTOR SHAFT\

\f1\b0 \
Luke falls onto the gantry, rolls, and hangs over the edge, holding his \
deactivated sword in hand.  He puts the sword on his belt and begins to \
scramble up.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR LEADING TO LANDING PLATFORM\

\f1\b0 \
Leia, Lando, Chewie and the droids come round a corner and head for the \
door to the landing platform.  They glimpse the Millennium Falcon for a \
moment before the door slams shut.  The group ducks into an alcove as \
stormtroopers arrive at the end of the corridor.  The troopers send a \
rain of laser bolts at the group.  Chewie returns their fire as Lando \
punches desperately at the door's control panel.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		The security codes has been changed!\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Artoo, you can tell the computer \
		to override the security system.\
\
Threepio points to a computer socket on the control panel.  Artoo beeps \
and scoots toward it.  Lando meanwhile has connected up to the panel's \
intercom.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		Attention!  This is Lando\
		Calrissian.  The Empire has takes \
		control of the city.  I advise \
		everyone to leave before more \
		Imperial troops arrive.\
\
Artoo takes off a computer cover and sticks his computer arm into the \
socket.  Suddenly, a short beep turns into a wild scream.  Artoo's \
circuits light up, his head spins wildly, and smoke begins to seep out \
underneath him.  Quickly, Chewie pulls him away.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		This way.\
\
Lando, Leia, Artoo, and Chewie flee down the corridor.  As he scoots \
along with them, Artoo sends some angry beeps Threepio's way.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Don't blame me.  I'm an interpreter. \
		I'm not supposed to know a power \
		socket from a computer terminal.\
\

\f0\b INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR\

\f1\b0 \
In a panic, Cloud City residents are trying to get out of the city.  \
Some carry boxes, others packages.  They run, then change direction.  \
Some are shooting at stormtroopers, others simply try to hide.\
\
Other stormtroopers pursue Lando, Leia, and Chewie who are firing back \
at them.  Artoo works on another door to the landing platform while \
Threepio berates him for his seeming ineptitude.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		What are you talking about?  We're \
		not interested in the hyperdrive \
		on the Millennium Falcon.  It's \
		fixed!  Just open the door, you \
		stupid lump.\
\
Chewie, Leia, and Lando retreat along the corridor.  A triumphant beep \
from Artoo - and the door snaps open.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 			(to Artoo)\
		I never doubted you for a second.\
		Wonderful!\
\
Artoo lays a cloud fog, obscuring everything, as the group dashes \
outside.\
\

\f0\b EXT. LANDING PLATFORM - CLOUD CITY - DUSK\

\f1\b0 \
They race for the Millennium Falcon as a battalion of stormtroopers \
reaches the main door.  Lando and Leia hold off the troops as the \
droids get on board with Chewie.  As Chewie bounds to the ship the \
Threepio on his back, Threepio hits his head on the top of the ramp.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Ouch!  Oh!  Ah!  That hurt.  Bend \
		down, you thoughtless... Ow!\
\
Chewie starts up the ship.  The giant engines begin to whine as Lando \
and Leia race up the ramp under a hail of laser fire.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		Leia!  Go!\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CORRIDOR\

\f1\b0 \
Artoo drags the partially assembled Threepio down the corridor of the \
Falcon.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		I thought that hairy beast would \
		be the end of me.  Of course, I've \
		looked better.\
\
Artoo beeps understandingly.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Chewie works the controls as Leia sits in Han's seat and Lando watches \
over their shoulders.  As Chewie pulls back on the throttle, the ship \
begins to move.\
\

\f0\b EXT. CLOUD CITY - LANDING PLATFORM - DUSK\

\f1\b0 \
The Millennium Falcon lifts gracefully into the twilight sky and roars \
away from the city.  Troops fire after it and TIE fighters take off in \
pursuit.\
\

\f0\b INT. GANTRY - OUTSIDE CONTROL ROOM - REACTOR SHAFT\

\f1\b0 \
Luke moves along the railing and up to the control room.\
\
Vader lunges at him and Luke immediately raises his lit sword to meet \
Vader's.  Sparks fly as they duel, Vader gradually forcing Luke \
backward toward the gantry.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		You are beaten.  It is useless \
		to resist.  Don't let yourself \
		be destroyed as Obi-Wan did.\
\
Luke answers by rolling sideways and thrusting his sword at Vader so \
viciously that he nicks Vader on the shoulder.  The black armor sparks \
and smokes and Vader seems to be hurt, but immediately recovers.\
\
Luke backs off along the narrow end of the gantry as Vader comes at \
him, slashing at the young Jedi with his sword.  Luke makes a quick \
move around the instrument complex attached to the end of the gantry.  \
Vader's sword comes slashing down, cutting the complex loose; it begins \
to fall, then is caught by the rising wind and blown upward.\
\
Luke glances at the instrument complex floating away.  At that instant, \
Vader's sword comes down across Luke's right forearm, cutting off his \
hand and sending his sword flying.  In great pain, Luke squeezes his \
forearm under his left armpit and moves back along the gantry to its \
extreme end.  Vader\
follows.  The wind subsides.  Luke holds on.  There is nowhere else to \
go.  \
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		There is no escape.  Don't make \
		me destroy you.  You do not yet \
		realize your importance.  You \
		have only begun to discover your \
		power.  Join me and I will complete \
		your training.  With our combined \
		strength, we can end this destructive \
		conflict and bring order to the \
		galaxy.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		I'll never join you!\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		If you only knew the power of the \
		dark side.  Obi-Wan never told \
		you what happened to your father.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		He told me enough!  It was you \
		who killed him.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		No.  I am your father.\
\
Shocked, Luke looks at Vader in utter disbelief.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		No.  No.  That's not true!  \
		That's impossible!\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Search your feelings.  You know \
		it to be true.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		No!  No!  No!\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Luke.  You can destroy the Emperor.\
		He has foreseen this.  It is your \
		destiny.  Join me, and together \
		we can rule the galaxy as father \
		and son.  Come with me.  It is the \
		only way.\
\
Vader puts away his sword and holds his hand out to Luke.\
\
A calm comes over Luke, and he makes a decision.  In the next instant \
he steps off the gantry platform into space.  The Dark Lord looks over \
the platform and sees Luke falling far below.  The wind begins to blow \
at Vader's cape and the torrent finally forces him back, away from the \
edge.  The wind soon fades and the wounded Jedi begins to drop fast, \
unable to grab onto anything to break his fall.\
\

\f0\b INT. REACTOR SHAFT\

\f1\b0 \
Suddenly Luke is sucked into an exhaust pipe in the side of the shaft.  \
When Vader sees this, he turns and hurries off the platform.\
\

\f0\b INT. EXHAUST PIPE\

\f1\b0 \
Luke tumbles through the exhaust pipe.\
\
He slides to the end of the slickly polished pipe and stops as his feet \
hit a circular grill and knock it open.  Luke claws at the surface of \
the pipe, trying to keep from sliding out into space.\
\

\f0\b EXT. BOTTOM OF CLOUD CITY - WEATHER VANE - DUSK\

\f1\b0 \
Unable to hang onto the pipe, Luke tumbles out, emerging at the \
undermost part of Cloud City.  Reaching out desperately, he manages to \
grab onto on electronic weather vane.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Ben... Ben, please!\
\
Luke tries to pull himself up on the weather vane but slips back down.  \
He hooks one of his legs around the fragile instruments.  All the \
while, a powerful current of air rushes out at him from the exhaust \
pipe.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Ben.  Leia!\
\
There is an ominous cracking sound from the base of the\
weather vane and a piece breaks off, falling into the clouds far below.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Hear me!  Leia!\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Leia seems to be lost in a fog, her expression troubled.  Chewie is \
busy operating the ship.  Lando stands next to the Wookiee, watching a \
readout on the control panel.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Luke... We've got to go back.\
\
Chewie growls in surprise.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		What?\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		I know where Luke is.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		But what about those fighter?\
\
Chewie barks in agreement with Lando.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Chewie, just do it.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		But what about Vader?\
\
Chewie turns on Lando, the newcomer, with an ominous growl.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		All right, all right, all right.\
\

\f0\b EXT. CLOUD CITY - MILLENNIUM FALCON - DUSK\

\f1\b0 \
The Falcon makes a graceful banking turn back toward Cloud City.\
\

\f0\b EXT. CLOUD CITY - LANDING PLATFORM\

\f1\b0 \
Vader enters the landing platform and watches as the speck that is the \
Falcon disappears.  The wind blows at his cape.\
\
He turns to two aides who are standing near the entrance to the landing \
platform.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Bring my shuttle.\
\

\f0\b EXT. BOTTOM OF CLOUD CITY - WEATHER VANE\

\f1\b0 \
Nearly unconscious, Luke hangs upside-down on the weather vane as his \
body shifts in the wind.\
\

\f0\b EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - BOTTOM OF CLOUD CITY\

\f1\b0 \
The Falcon dives to the underside of the floating city.  Three TIE \
fighter close in on the starship.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON\

\f1\b0 \
Leia tries to remain calm.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 			(pointing out the \
			 cockpit window)\
		Look, someone's up there.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		It's Luke.  Chewie, slow down.\
		Slow down and we'll get under him.\
		Lando, open the top hatch.\
\
Lando rushes out of the cockpit.\
\

\f0\b EXT. BOTTOM OF CLOUD CITY - WEATHER VANE\

\f1\b0 \
Luke hangs by one arm from the crossbar of the weather vane.  He slips \
from the bar and grabs onto the pole of the vane as the Falcon banks \
toward him.  The Falcon positions itself under Luke as Lando moves up \
through the opening of the hatch.  Luke begins to slide and finally \
falls from the vane into space.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Out the cockpit window, Leia sees Luke falling from the bottom of the \
city.  The ship gains on him.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Okay.  Easy, Chewie.\
\
The Falcon closes in on Luke.\
\

\f0\b EXT. BOTTOM OF CLOUD CITY\

\f1\b0 \
Three TIE fighters race toward the Falcon, firing away.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HATCH\

\f1\b0 \
The hatch pops open with a hiss of pressure.  Lando reaches out to help \
the battered warrior inside the ship.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Flak bursts all around it as the Falcon banks away from the city.  Leia \
and Chewie struggle with the controls.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 			(into intercom)\
		Lando?\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 			(over intercom)\
		Okay, let's go.\
\

\f0\b EXT. BOTTOM OF CLOUD CITY\

\f1\b0 \
The Falcon races away.  It is closely followed by three TIE fighters, \
all of which keep up a heavy laser assault on the fleeing starship.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Explosions erupt all around the cockpit, buffeting the ship wildly.  \
Chewie howls as he frantically tries to control the ship.\
\
Leia and Chewie turns to see Luke, bloody and battered, enter the \
cockpit supported by Lando.  Leia jumps up and hugs him while Chewie \
barks in joyous relief.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Oh, Leia.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		All right, Chewie.  Let's go.\
\
Leia helps Luke from the cockpit as another huge blast rocks the ship.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - CLOUD CITY - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
The Falcon, still followed by the three TIE fighters, races away from \
the cloud-covered city.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - SLEEPING QUARTERS\

\f1\b0 \
Luke rests on a cot, his injured arm wrapped in a protective cuff.  \
Leia gently wipes his face.  The ship lurches again.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		I'll be back.\
\
She kisses him, then leaves the quarters.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
All over the ship muted alarm buzzers sound.  Lando anxiously watches \
the flashing lights on the control panel and hurriedly adjusts some \
switches.  Seated next to him, Chewie points out a new blip appearing \
on the panel.  Leia, watching over their shoulders, recognizes the \
shape.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		Star Destroyer.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		All right, Chewie.  Ready for \
		light-speed.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		If your people fixed the \
		hyperdrive.\
\
Another explosion rocks the ship.  Leia notices as a green light on the \
panel next to her flashes on.\
\

\f0\b 				LEIA\

\f1\b0 		All the coordinates are set.\
		It's now or never.\
\
Chewie barks in agreement.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		Punch it!\
\
The Wookiee shrugs and pulls back on the light-speed throttle.  The \
sound of the ion engine changes...it is winding up.  Faces are tense, \
expectant.  But nothing happens, and the engine goes off.  Chewie lets \
out a frustrated howl.  The flak still violently rocks the ship.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 		They told me they fixed it.  I \
		trusted them to fix it.  It's not \
		my fault!\
\
Chewie gets up from his chair and starts out of the cockpit.  He gives \
Lando and angry shove as he storms past him.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
In the distance the TIE fighters continue their chase, still shooting \
lasers.  Vader's Star Destroyer moves behind them, determinedly \
following the Falcon.\
\

\f0\b INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE\

\f1\b0 \
Vader stands on the bridge looking out the window as Admiral Piett \
approaches him.\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		They'll be in range of our \
		tractor beam in moments, my lord.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Did your men deactivate the \
		hyperdrive on the Millennium \
		Falcon?\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		Yes, my lord.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Good.  Prepare the boarding party \
		and set your weapons for stun.\
\

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		Yes, my lord.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON\

\f1\b0 \
Beeping while he works, Artoo is busy connecting some wires to Threepio \
who now has one leg attached. \
\
Chewie enters through the doorway, grunting to himself.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Noisy brute.  Why don't we just \
		go into light-speed?\
\
Artoo beeps in response.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		We can't?  How would you know the \
		hyperdrive is deactivated?\
\
Artoo whistles knowingly.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		The city's central computer told \
		you?  Artoo-Detoo, you know better \
		than to trust a strange computer.\
		Ouch!  Pay attention to what \
		you're doing!\
\
Chewie is in the pit.  He is trying to loosen something with an \
enormous wrench.  Frustrated, he uses the wrench like a club and hits \
the panel...\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Leia and Lando, seated in front of the control panel, are suddenly \
sprayed by a shower of sparks.\
\

\f0\b INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE\

\f1\b0 \
Vader stands on the bridge, watching as the Millennium Falcon is chased \
by the TIE fighters.  As his Destroyer draws nearer, Vader's breathing \
gets slightly faster.\
\

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Luke.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - SLEEPING QUARTERS\

\f1\b0 \
Luke realizes that Vader's ship is very near.  He feels resigned to his \
fate.  He senses that he is beaten, more emotionally than physically.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Father.\
\

\f0\b INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Son, come with me.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - SLEEPING QUARTERS\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(moaning)\
		Ben, why didn't you tell me?\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Lando and Leia are at the controls of the Falcon.  Meanwhile, in the \
ship's hold, Chewie continues to work frantically on the hyperdrive \
mechanism.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 			(into intercom)\
		Chewie!\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
The Falcon races through space followed very closely by the TIE \
fighters and the huge Imperial Star Destroyer.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Luke enters the cockpit and looks out the window.  He is almost \
unconscious with pain and depression.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		It's Vader.\
\

\f0\b INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				VADER\

\f1\b0 		Luke... it is your destiny.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Ben, why didn't you tell me?\
\

\f0\b INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				PIETT\

\f1\b0 		Alert all commands.  Ready for \
		the tractor beam.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD\

\f1\b0 \
Artoo races to a control panel and starts working on a circuit board.  \
Furious, Threepio stands on one leg, yelling.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Artoo, come back at once!  You \
		haven't finished with me yet!\
		You don't know how to fix the \
		hyperdrive.  Chewbacca can do \
		it.  I'm standing here in pieces, \
		and you're having delusions of \
		grandeur!\
\
Artoo moves a circuit on a control panel.  Suddenly, the control panel \
lights up.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Leia and Lando are thrown into their seats as the Millennium Falcon \
unexpectedly shoot into hyperspace.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD\

\f1\b0 \
The ship tilts up and Artoo topples into the pit on top of Chewie.\
\

\f0\b 				THREEPIO\

\f1\b0 		Oh, you did it!\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
The Falcon soars into infinity and away from the huge Star Destroyer \
which seems, by contrast, to stand still.\
\

\f0\b INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE\

\f1\b0 \
Admiral Piett and another captain glance at Vader in terror.  Vader \
turns slowly and walks off the bridge, his hands held behind his back \
in a contemplative gesture.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - REBEL CRUISER\

\f1\b0 \
The Millennium Falcon is attached to a huge Rebel cruiser by a docking \
tube.  Rebel fighters move about the giant cruiser, and a Rebel \
transport ship hovers near the fleet.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
Lando sits in the pilot's seat as he talks into the comlink.  Chewie \
busily throws a variety of switches in preparation for takeoff.\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		Luke, we're ready for takeoff.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(over comlink)\
		Good luck, Lando\
\

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		When we find Jabba the Hut and \
		that bounty hunter, we'll contact \
		you.\
\

\f0\b INT. STAR CRUISER - MEDICAL CENTER\

\f1\b0 \
Luke speaking into the comlink as a medical droid works on his hand.  \
Leia stands near him while Threepio and Artoo look out the window.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		I'll meet you at the rendezvous \
		point on Tatooine.\
\

\f0\b INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				LANDO\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		Princess, we'll find Han.  I \
		promise.\
\

\f0\b INT. STAR CRUISER - MEDICAL CENTER\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		Chewie, I'll be waiting for your \
		signal.\
\
Chewie's wail comes over the comlink.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 			(into comlink)\
		Take care, you two.  May the \
		Force be with you.\
\
Luke looks down at his hand.  A metalized type of bandage has been \
wrapped around his wrist.  The medical droid makes some adjustments in \
a tiny electronic unit, then pricks each one of Luke's fingers.\
\

\f0\b 				LUKE\

\f1\b0 		Ow!\
\
Luke wriggles his fingers, makes a fist, and relaxes it.  His hand is \
completely functional.\
\
He gets up and walks over to Leia.  There is a new bond between them, a \
new understanding.  Leia is thinking about Han; Luke is thinking about \
his uncertain and newly complicated future.  Together they stand at the \
large window of the medical center looking out on the Rebel Star \
Cruiser and a dense, luminous galaxy swirling in space.\
\
Luke puts his arm around Leia.  The droids stand next to them, and \
Threepio moves closer to Artoo putting his arm on him.  The group \
watches as the Millennium Falcon moves into view, makes a turn, and \
zooms away into space.\
\

\f0\b EXT. SPACE - REBEL STAR CRUISER\

\f1\b0 \
While Luke, Leia, and the droids stand, looking out the window of the \
star cruiser, two escort fighters join the large ship.  Slowly, the \
cruiser turns and moves away into space.\
\

\f0\b 								DISSOLVE TO \

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b EXT. GALAXY - SPACE\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b END CREDITS FADE IN AND OUT OVER BACKGROUND\

\f1\b0 \
\
\

\f0\b 				THE END
\f1\b0 \
}