{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
RETURN \

\f1\b OF THE \
JEDI\

\f0\b0 \
by\
Lawrence Kasdan\

\f1\b &\

\f0\b0 George Lucas\
\
From The Novel\
by\
George Lucas\
\
Third Draft\
\
Property of Lucasfilm Ltd.\
\
\
Completion Date December 1, 1981\
\

\f1\b 1    SPACE                                                           \

\f0\b0 \
The boundless heavens serve as a back-drop for the MAIN TITLE, followed \
by a ROLL-UP, which crawls into infinity.\
\
Episode VI\

\f1\b RETURN OF THE JEDI\

\f0\b0 \
Luke Skywalker has returned to his home planet of Tatooine in an \
attempt to rescue his friend Han Solo from the clutches of the\'cavile \
gangster Jabba the Hutt. Little does Luke know that the GALACTIC EMPIRE \
has secretly begun construction on a new armored space station even \
more powerful than the first dreaded Death Star. When completed, this \
ultimate weapon will spell certain doom for the small band of Rebels \
struggling to restore freedom to the galaxy...\
\
PAN DOWN to reveal a monstrous half-completed Death Star, its massive \
superstructure curling away from the completed section like the arms of \
a giant octopus. Beyond, in benevolent contrast, floats the small, \
green moon of ENDOR.\
\
An Imperial Star Destroyer moves overhead toward the massive armored \
space station, followed by two zipping TIE fighters. A small Imperial \
shuttle rockets from the main bay of the ship and hustles toward the \
Death Star.\
\

\f1\b 2    INT IMPERIAL SHUTTLE - COCKPIT \

\f0\b0 The shuttle captain makes contact with the Death Star.\
\

\f1\b SHUTTLE CAPTAIN\

\f0\b0 Command station, this is ST 321. Code Clearance Blue. We're starting \
our approach. Deactivate the security shield.\
\
DEATH STAR CONTROLLER	(filtered VO)\
The security deflector shield will be deactivated when we have \
confirmation of your code transmission. Stand by... You are clear to \
proceed.\
\

\f1\b SHUTTLE CAPTAIN\

\f0\b0 We're starting our approach.\
\

\f1\b 3    INT DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM\

\f0\b0 \
Operators move about among the control panels. A SHIELD OPERATOR hits \
switches beside a large screen, on which is a display of the Death \
Star, the moon Endor, and a bright web delineating the invisible \
deflector shield.\
\
A control officer rushes over to the shield operator.\
\

\f1\b OFFICER\

\f0\b0 Inform the commander that Lord Vader's shuttle has arrived.\
\

\f1\b OPERATOR\

\f0\b0 Yes, sir.\
\
The control officer moves to a view port and watches as the Imperial \
shuttle lands in the massive docking bay. A squad of Imperial \
stormtroopers moves into formation before the craft.\
\

\f1\b 4    INT DEATH STAR - MAIN DOCKING BAY\

\f0\b0 \
The DEATH STAR COMMANDER, MOFF JERJERROD, a tall, confident technocrat, \
strides through the assembled troops to the base of the shuttle ramp. \
The troops snap to attention; many are uneasy about the new arrival. \
But the Death Star commander stands arrogantly tall.\
\
The exit hatch of the shuttle opens with a WHOOSH, revealing only \
darkness. Then, heavy FOOTSTEPS AND MECHANICAL BREATHING. From this \
black void appears DARTH VADER, LORD OF THE SITH. Vader looks over the \
assemblage as he walks down the ramp.\
\

\f1\b JERJERROD\

\f0\b0 Lord Vader, this is an unexpected pleasure. We're honored by your \
presence.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 You may dispense with the pleasantries, Commander. I'm here to put you \
back on\
schedule.\
\
The commander turns ashen and begins to shake.\
\

\f1\b JERJERROD\

\f0\b0 I assure you, Lord Vader, my men are working as fast as they can.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 Perhaps I can find new ways to motivate them.\
\

\f1\b JERJERROD\

\f0\b0 I tell you, this station will be operational as planned.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 The Emperor does not share your optimistic appraisal of the situation.\
\

\f1\b JERJERROD\

\f0\b0 But he asks the impossible. I need more men.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 Then perhaps you can tell him when he arrives.\
\
JERJERROD	 (aghast)\
The Emperor's coming here?\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 That is correct, Commander. And he is most displeased with your \
apparent lack of progress.\
\

\f1\b JERJERROD\

\f0\b0 We shall double our efforts.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 I hope so, Commander, for your sake. The Emperor is not as forgiving as \
I am.\
\

\f1\b 5    EXT ROAD TO JABBA'S PALACE - TATOOINE\

\f0\b0 \
A lonely, windswept road meanders through the desolate Tatooine \
terrain. We HEAR a familiar BEEPING and a distinctive reply before \
catching sight of ARTOO-DETOO and SEE-THREEPIO, making their way along \
the road toward the ominous palace of Jabba the Hutt.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Of course I'm worried. And you should be, too. Lando Calrissian and \
poor Chewbacca never returned from this awful place.\
\
Artoo whistles timidly.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Don't be so sure. If I told you half the things I've heard about this \
Jabba the Hutt, you'd probably short-circuit.\
\
The two droids fearfully approach the massive gate to the palace.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Artoo, are you sure this is the right place? I better knock, I suppose.\
\

\f1\b 6    EXT JABBA'S PALACE - GATE \

\f0\b0 \
Threepio looks around for some kind of signaling device, then timidly \
knocks on the iron door.\
\
THREEPIO	 (instantly) \
There doesn't seem to be anyone there. Let's go back and tell Master \
Luke.\
\
A small hatch in the middle of the door opens and a spidery mechanical \
arm, with a large electronic eyeball on the end, pops out and inspects \
the two droids.\
\

\f1\b STRANGE VOICE\

\f0\b0 Tee chuta hhat yudd!\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Goodness gracious me!\
\
 Threepio points to Artoo, then to himself.\
\

\f1\b  THREEPIO\

\f0\b0  Artoo Detoowha bo Seethreepiowha ey toota odd mischka Jabba du Hutt.\
\
The eye looks from one robot to the other, there is a laugh then the \
eye zips back into the door. The hatch slams shut. Artoo beeps his \
concern.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 I don't think they're going to let us in, Artoo. We'd better go.\
\
Artoo beeps his reluctance as Threepio turns to leave. Suddenly the \
massive door starts to rise with a horrific metallic SCREECH. The \
robots turn back and face an endless black cavity. The droids look at \
one another, afraid to enter.\
\
Artoo starts forward into the gloom. Threepio rushes after his stubby \
companion. The door lowers noisily behind them.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO \

\f0\b0 Artoo, wait. Oh, dear! Artoo. Artoo, I really don't think we should \
rush into all this.\
\
Artoo continues down the corridor, with Threepio following.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Oh, Artoo!  Artoo, wait for me!\
\

\f1\b 7    INT JABBA'S PALACE - HALLWAY\

\f0\b0 \
The door slams shut with a loud crash that echoes throughout the dark \
passageway. The frightened robots are met by two giant, green GAMORREAN \
GUARDS, who fall in behind them. Threepio glances quickly back at the \
two lumbering brutes, then back to Artoo. One guard grunts an order. \
Artoo beeps nervously.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Just you deliver Master Luke's message and get us out of here. Oh my! \
Oh! Oh, no.\
\
Walking toward them out of the darkness is BIB FORTUNA, a humanlike \
alien with long tentacles protruding from his skull.\
\

\f1\b BIB\

\f0\b0 Die Wanna Wanga!\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Oh, my! Die Wanna Wauaga. We -- we bring a message to your master, \
Jabba the Hutt.\
\
Artoo lets out a series of quick beeps.\
\
THREEPIO	 (cont)\
...and a gift.\
(thinks a moment, then to Artoo)\
Gift, what gift?\
\
Bib shakes his head negatively.\
\

\f1\b BIB\

\f0\b0 Nee Jabba no badda. Me chaade su goodie.\
\
Bib holds out his hand toward Artoo and the tiny droid backs up a bit, \
letting out a protesting array of squeaks. Threepio turns to the \
strange-looking alien.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 He says that our instructions are to give it only to Jabba himself.\
\
Bib thinks about this for a moment.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 I'm terribly sorry. I'm afraid he's ever so stubborn about these sort \
of things.\
\
Bib gestures for the droids to follow.\
\

\f1\b BIB\

\f0\b0 Nudd Chaa.\
\
The droids follow the tall, tentacled alien into the darkness, trailed \
by the two guards.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Artoo, I have a bad feeling about this.\
\

\f1\b 8    INT JABBA'S THRONE ROOM\

\f0\b0 \
The throne room is filled with the vilest, most grotesque CREATURES \
ever conceived in the universe. Artoo and Threepio seem very small as \
they pause in the doorway to the dimly lit chamber. Light shafts \
partially illuminate the drunken courtiers as Bib Fortuna crosses the \
room to the platform upon which rests the leader of this nauseating \
crowd: JABBA THE HUTT. The monarch of the galactic underworld is a \
repulsive blob of bloated fat with a maniacal grin. Chained to the \
horrible creature is the beautiful alien female dancer named OOLA. At \
the foot of the dais sits an obnoxious birdlike creature, SALACIOUS \
CRUMB. Bib whispers something in the slobbering degenerate's ear. Jabba \
laughs horribly, at the two terrified droids before him. Threepio bows \
politely.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Good morning.\
\

\f1\b JABBA\

\f0\b0 Bo Shuda!\
\
The robots jump forward to stand before the repulsive, loose-skinned \
villain.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 The message, Artoo, the message.\
\
Artoo whistles, and a beam of light projects from his domed head, \
creating a hologram of LUKE on the floor. The image grows to over ten \
feet tall, and the young Jedi towers over the space gangsters.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Greetings, Exalted One. Allow me to introduce myself. I am Luke \
Skywalker, Jedi Knight and friend to Captain Solo. I know that you are \
powerful, mighty Jabba, and that your anger with Solo must be equally \
powerful. I seek an audience with Your Greatness to bargain for Solo's \
life. \
(Jabba's crowd laughs) \
With your wisdom, I'm sure that we can work out an arrangement which \
will be mutually beneficial and enable us to avoid any unpleasant \
confrontation. As a token of my goodwill, I present to you a gift: \
these two droids.\
\
Threepio is startled by this announcement.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 What did he say?\
\
LUKE	 (cont)\
... Both are hardworking and will serve you well.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 This can't be! Artoo, you're playing the wrong message.\
\
Luke's hologram disappears.\
\
Jabba laughs while Bib speaks to him in Huttese.\
\
JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)\
There will be no bargain.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 We're doomed.\
\
JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)\
I will not give up my favorite decoration. I like Captain Solo where he \
is.\
\
Jabba laughs hideously and looks toward an alcove beside the throne. \
Hanging high, flat against the wall, exactly as we saw him last, is a \
carbonized HAN SOLO.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Artoo, look! Captain Solo. And he's still frozen in carbonite.\
\

\f1\b 9    INT DUNGEON CORRIDOR \

\f0\b0 \
One of Jabba's Gamorrean guards marches Artoo and Threepio down a dank, \
shadowy passageway lined with holding cells. The cries of unspeakable \
creatures bounce off the cold stone walls. Occasionally a repulsive arm \
or tentacle grabs through the bars at the hapless droids. Artoo beeps \
pitifully.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 What could possibly have come over Master Luke. Is it something I did? \
He never expressed any unhappiness with my work. Oh! Oh! Hold it! Ohh!\
\
A large tentacle wraps around Threepio's neck. He manages to break \
free, and they move on to a door at the end of the corridor.\
\

\f1\b 10   INT BOILER ROOM\

\f0\b0 \
The door slides open, revealing a room filled with steam and noisy \
machinery. The guard motions them into the boiler room, where they are \
met by a tall, thin humanlike robot named EV-9D9. Behind the robot can \
be seen a torture rack pulling the legs off a screaming baby work \
droid. A second power droid is upside down.  As smoking branding irons \
are pressed into his feet, the stubby robot lets out an agonized \
electronic scream. Artoo and Threepio cringe as the guard grunts to EV-\

\f1\b 9D9.\

\f0\b0 \

\f1\b NINEDENINE\

\f0\b0 Ah, good. New acquisitions. You are a protocol droid, are you not?\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 I am See-Threepio, human-cy...\
\

\f1\b NINEDENINE\

\f0\b0 Yes or no will do.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Oh. Well, yes.\
\

\f1\b NINEDENINE\

\f0\b0 How many languages do you speak?\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 I am fluent in over six million forms of communication, and can \
readily...\
\

\f1\b NINEDENINE\

\f0\b0 Splendid! We have been without an interpreter since our master got \
angry with our last protocol droid and disintegrated him.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Disintegrated?\
\
NINEDENINE	 (to a Gamorrean guard)\
Guard! This protocol droid might be useful. Fit him with a restraining \
bolt and take him back to His Excellency's main audience chamber.\
\
The guard shoves Threepio toward the door.\
\
THREEPIO	 (disappearing)\
Artoo, don't leave me! Ohhh!\
\
Artoo lets out a plaintive cry as the door closes. Then he beeps \
angrily.\
\

\f1\b NINEDENINE\

\f0\b0 You're a feisty little one, but you'll soon learn some respect. I have \
need for you on the master's Sail Barge. And I think you'll fit in \
nicely.\
\
The poor work droid in the background lets out another tortured \
electronic scream.\
\

\f1\b 11   INT JABBA'S THRONE ROOM\

\f0\b0 \
The court of Jabba the Hutt is in the midst of a drunken, raucous \
party. Sloppy, smelly monsters cheer and make rude noises as Oola and a \
fat female dancer perform in front of Jabba's throne.\
\
Jabba leers at the dancers and with a lustful gleam in his eye beckons \
Oola to come and sit with him. She stops dancing and backs away, \
shaking her head. Jabba gets angry and points to a spot next to him.\
\

\f1\b JABBA\

\f0\b0 Da Eitha!\
\
The lovely alien shakes her head again and screams.\
\

\f1\b OOLA\

\f0\b0 Na Chuba negatorie Na! Na! Natoota...\
\
Jabba is furious and pulls her toward him, tugging on the chain.\
\

\f1\b JABBA\

\f0\b0 Boscka!\
\
He pushes a button and, before the dancer can flee, a trap door in the \
floor springs open and swallows her up. As the door snaps shut, a \
muffled growl is followed by a hideous scream. Jabba and his monstrous \
friends laugh hysterically and several revelers hurry over to watch her \
fate through a grate.\
\
Threepio cringes and glances wistfully at the carbonite form of Han \
Solo, but is immediately distracted by a gunshot offscreen.\'caAn \
unnatural quiet sweeps the boisterous gathering. On the far side of the \
room, the crush of debauchers moves aside to allow the approach of two \
guards followed by BOUSHH, an oddly cloaked bounty hunter, leading his \
captive, Han Solo's copilot, CHEWBACCA THE WOOKIEE.\
\
Bib takes his place next to his disgusting master, and whispers into \
his ear, pointing at Chewbacca and the bounty hunter. Jabba listens \
intently, then the bounty hunter bows before the gangster and speaks a \
greeting in a strange, electronically processed tongue (Ubese).\
\
BOUSHH	 (in Ubese subtitled)\
I have come for the bounty on this Wookiee.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Oh, no! Chewbacca!\
\
JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)\
At last we have the mighty Chewbacca.\
\
Jabba lets out a loud, long, blood-curdling laugh and turns to \
Threepio, waving him closer. The reluctant droid obeys.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Oh, uh, yes, uh, I am here, Your Worshipfulness. Uh... yes!\
\
Jabba continues speaking, as Threepio nervously translates. Boushh \
listens, studying the dangerous creatures around the room. He notices \
BOBA FETT standing near the door.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Oh. The illustrious Jabba bids you welcome and will gladly pay you the \
reward of twenty-five thousand.\
\
BOUSHH	 (in Ubese subtitled)\
I want fifty thousand. No less.\
\
Jabba immediately flies into a rage, knocking the golden droid off the \
raised throne into a clattering heap on the floor. Boushh adjusts his \
weapon as Jabba raves in Huttese and Threepio struggles back onto the \
throne. The disheveled droid tries to compose himself.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Uh, oh... but what, what did I say?\
(to Boushh)\
Uh, the mighty Jabba asks why he must pay fifty thousand.\
\
The bounty hunter holds up a small silver ball in his hand. Threepio \
looks at it, then looks at Jabba, then back to the bounty hunter. The \
droid is very nervous and Jabba is getting very impatient.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Because he's holding a thermal detonator.\
\
The guards instantly back away, as do most of the other monsters in the \
room. Jabba stares at the silver ball, which begins to glow in the \
bounty hunter's hand. The room has fallen into a tense hush. Jabba \
stares at the bounty hunter malevolently until a sly grin creeps across \
his vast mouth and he begins to laugh.\
\
JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)\
This bounty hunter is my kind of scum. Fearless and inventive.\
\
Jabba continues.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Jabba offers the sum of thirty-five. And I suggest you take it.\
\
Bib and the other monsters study the bounty hunter and wait for his \
reaction. Boushh releases a switch on the thermal detonator and it goes \
dead.\
\

\f1\b BOUSHH\

\f0\b0 Zeebuss.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 He agrees!\
\
The raucous crowd of monsters erupts in a symphony of cheers and \
applause as the party returns to its full noisy pitch. Chewbacca \
growls. As he is led away we spot LANDO CALRISSIAN, disguised as a \
skiff guard in a partial face mask. The band starts up and dancing \
girls take the center of the floor, to the hoots of the loudly \
appreciative creatures.\
\
Boushh leans against a column with gunfighter cool and surveys the \
scene, his gaze stopping only when it connects with a glare from across \
the room. Boba Fett is watching him. Boushh shifts slightly, cradling \
his weapon lovingly. Boba Fett shifts with equally ominous arrogance.\
\

\f1\b 12   INT DUNGEON CORRIDOR AND CELL\

\f0\b0 \
Gamorrean guards lead Chewie down the same hallway we saw before. When \
a tentacle reaches out at the Wookiee, Chewie's ferocious ROAR echoes \
against the walls and the tentacle snaps back into its cell in terror. \
It takes all the guards to hurl Chewie roughly into a cell, slamming \
the door behind him. Chewie lets out a pathetic howl and bangs on the \
iron door.\
\

\f1\b 13   EXT JABBA'S PALACE\

\f0\b0 \
The palace is sitting in the light of the double sunset. On the road in \
front, a large toadlike creature flicks its tongue out for a desert \
rodent and burps in satisfaction.\
\

\f1\b 14   INT JABBA'S THRONE ROOM - NIGHT\

\f0\b0 \
Silence. The room is deserted, only the awful debris of the alien \
celebration giving mute witness to the activity here before. Several \
drunk creatures lie unconscious around the room, snoring loudly.\
\
A shadowy figure moves stealthily among the columns at the perimeter of \
the room and is revealed to be Boushh, the bounty hunter. He picks his \
way carefully through the snoring, drunken monsters.\
\
Han Solo, the frozen space pirate, hangs spotlighted on the wall, his \
coffin-like case suspended by a force field. The bounty hunter \
deactivates the force field by flipping a control switch to one side of \
the coffin. The heavy case slowly lowers to the floor of the alcove.\
\
Boushh steps up to the case, studying Han, and then turns to the \
controls on the side of the coffin. He activates a series of switches \
and, after one last hesitant look at Han, slides the de-carbonization \
lever. The case begins to emit a sound as the hard shell covering the \
contours of Han's face begins to melt away. The bounty hunter watches \
as Han's body is freed of its metallic coat and his forearms and hands, \
previously raised in reflexive protest, drop slackly to his side. His \
face muscles relax from their mask of horror. He appears quite dead.\
\
Boushh's ugly helmet leans close to Han's face listening for the breath \
of life. Nothing. He waits. Han's eyes pop open with a start and he \
begins coughing. The bounty hunter steadies the staggering newborn.\
\

\f1\b BOUSHH\

\f0\b0 Just relax for a moment. You're free of the carbonite.\
\
Han touches his face with his hand and moans.\
\

\f1\b BOUSHH\

\f0\b0 Shhh. You have hibernation sickness.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 I can't see.\
\

\f1\b BOUSHH\

\f0\b0 Your eyesight will return in time.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Where am I?\
\

\f1\b BOUSHH\

\f0\b0 Jabba's palace.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Who are you?\
\
The bounty hunter reaches up and lifts the helmet from his head, \
revealing the beautiful face of PRINCESS LEIA.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Someone who loves you.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Leia!\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 I gotta get you out of here.\
\
As Leia helps her weakened lover to stand up, the relative quiet is \
pierced by an obscene HUTTESE CACKLE from the other side of the alcove.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 What's that? I know that laugh.\
\
The curtain on the far side of the alcove opens, revealing Jabba the \
Hutt, surrounded by Bib and other aliens. He laughs again, and his \
gross cronies join in a cacophony of alien glee.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Hey, Jabba. Look, Jabba, I was just on my way to pay you back, but I \
got a little sidetracked. It's not my fault.\
\
Jabba laughs.\
\
JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)\
It's too late for that, Solo. You may have been a good smuggler, but \
now you're Bantha fodder.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Look...\
\
JABBA	 (cont Huttese subtitled)\
Take him away!\
\
The guards grab Han and start to lead him away.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Jabba... I'll pay you triple! You're throwing away a fortune here. \
Don't be a fool!\
\
Han is dragged off, as Lando quickly moves forward and attempts to lead \
Leia away.\
\
JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)\
Bring her to me.\
\
Jabba chuckles as Lando and a second guard drag the beautiful young \
princess toward him. Threepio peeks from behind a monster and quickly \
turns away in disgust.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 We have powerful friends. You're gonna regret this...\
\
JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)\
I'm sure.\
\
Inexorably her lovely face moves to within a few inches of Jabba's ugly \
blob of a head, and Leia turns away in disgust.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Ugh!\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Ohhh, I can't bear to watch.\
\

\f1\b 15   INT DUNGEON CELL\

\f0\b0 \
The heavy metal door of the dungeon whines and slowly creaks open. A \
guard throws the blinded star captain into the dark cell and the door \
slams shut behind him, leaving only a thin sliver of light from a crack \
in the door. Han is trying to collect himself when suddenly a growl is \
heard from the far side of the cell. He jumps back against the cell \
door and listens.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Chewie? Chewie, is that you?\
\
The shadowy figure lets out a crazy yell and races toward Han, lifting \
him off the ground with a big hug that carries them into the light, \
revealing Chewie.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Ah! Chew--Chewie!\
\
The giant Wookiee barks with glee.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Wait. I can't see, pal. What's goin' on?\
\
Chewie barks an excited blue streak.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Luke? Luke's crazy. He can't even take care of himself, much less \
rescue anybody.\
\
Chewie barks a reply.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 A...Jedi Knight? I--I'm out of it for a little while, everybody gets \
delusions of grandeur.\
\
Chewie growls insistently. He holds Han to his chest and pets his head.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 I'm all right, pal. I'm all right.\
\

\f1\b 16   INT MAIN GATE AND HALL - JABBA'S PALACE\

\f0\b0 \
Noisily, the main gate lifts to flood the blackness with blinding LIGHT \
and reveal the silhouetted figure of LUKE SKYWALKER. He is clad in a \
robe similar to Ben's and wears neither pistol nor laser sword. Luke \
strides purposefully into the hallway. Two giant guards move to block \
Luke's path. Luke halts.\
\
Luke raises his hand and points at the puzzled guards, who immediately \
lower their spears and fall back. The young Jedi lowers his hand and \
moves on down the hallway.\
\
Bib Fortuna appears out of the gloom. He speaks to Luke as they \
approach each other, but Luke doesn't stop and Bib must reverse his \
direction and hurry alongside the young Jedi in order to carry on the \
conversation. Several other guards fall in behind them in the darkness.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 I must speak with Jabba.\
\
Bib answers in Huttese, shaking his head in denial. Luke stops and \
stares at Bib; he raises his hand slightly.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 You will take me to Jabba now!\
\
Bib turns in hypnotic response to Luke's command, and Luke follows him \
into the gloom.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 You serve your master well.\
\
Bib responds.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 And you will be rewarded.\
\

\f1\b 17   INT JABBA'S THRONE ROOM\

\f0\b0 \
Jabba is asleep on his throne, with Leia lying in front of him. \
Salacious sits by Jabba's tail, watching it wriggle. Leia is now \
dressed in the skimpy costume of a dancing girl; a chain runs from a \
manacle/necklace at her throat to her new master, Jabba the Hutt. \
Threepio stands behind Jabba as Bib comes up to the gangster slug.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 At last! Master Luke's come to rescue me.\
\

\f1\b BIB\

\f0\b0 Master.\
\
Jabba awakens with a start and Bib continues, in Huttese.\
\

\f1\b BIB\

\f0\b0 ...Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight.\
\
JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)\
I told you not to admit him.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 I must be allowed to speak.\
\
BIB	 (in Huttese subtitled)\
He must be allowed to speak.\
\
Jabba, furious, clobbers Bib and shoves him away.\
\
JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)\
You weak-minded fool! He's using an old Jedi mind trick.\
\
Luke stares hard at Jabba.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 You will bring Captain Solo and the Wookiee to me.\
\
JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)\
Your mind powers will not work on me, boy.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Nevertheless, I'm taking Captain Solo and his friends. You can either \
profit by this... or be destroyed! It's your choice. But I warn you not \
to underestimate my powers.\
\
Jabba's laugh is mean and loud. Threepio attempts to warn Luke about \
the pit.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Master Luke, you're standing on...\
\
JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)\
There will be no bargain, young Jedi. I shall enjoy watching you die.\
\
Luke reaches out, and a pistol jumps out of a guard's holster and flies \
into Luke's hand. The bewildered guard grabs for it as Jabba raises his \
hand.\
\

\f1\b JABBA\

\f0\b0 Bascka!\
\
The floor suddenly drops away, sending Luke and the hapless guard into \
the pit. The pistol goes off, blasting a hole in the ceiling. Jabba \
laughs and his courtiers join in. Leia starts forward but is restrained \
by a human guard-- Lando, recognizable behind his mask. She looks at \
him and he shakes his head "no."\
\

\f1\b 18   INT RANCOR PIT\

\f0\b0 \
Luke and the guard have dropped twenty-five feet from a chute into the \
dungeonlike cage. Luke gets to his feet as the guard yells hysterically \
for help. A crowd gathers up around the edge of the pit as the door in \
the side of the pit starts to RUMBLE open. The guard screams in panic. \
Luke looks calmly around for a means of escape.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Oh, no! The Rancor!\
\
At the side of the pit, an iron door rumbles upward and a giant, fanged \
RANCOR emerges. The guard runs to the side of the pit and tries \
futilely to scramble to the top. The hideous beast closes in on him.\
\
The Rancor moves past Luke, and as the guard continues to scramble, the \
Rancor picks him up and pops him into its slavering jaws. A few \
screams, and the guard is swallowed with a gulp. The audience cheers \
and laughs at the guard's fate.\
\
The monster turns and starts for Luke. The young Jedi dashes away just \
ahead of the monster's swipe at him, and picks up the long arm bone of \
an earlier victim. The monster grabs Luke and brings him up to his \
salivating mouth. At the last moment, Luke wedges the bone in the \
monster's mouth and is dropped to the floor. The monster bellows in \
rage and flails about, hitting the side of the pit, causing an \
avalanche.\
\
The monster crushes the bone in its jaws and sees Luke, who squeezes \
into a crevice in the pit wall. Luke looks past the monster to the \
holding cave beyond. On the far side of the holding cave is a utility \
door--if only he can get to it. The Rancor spots Luke and reaches into \
the crevice for him. Luke grabs a large rock and raises it, smashing it \
down on the Rancor's finger.\
\

\f1\b 19   HOLDING TUNNEL - RANCOR PIT\

\f0\b0 \
The Rancor lets out a loud howl as Luke makes a run for the holding \
cave. He reaches the door and pushes a button to open it. When he \
succeeds, he sees a heavy barred gate between him and safety. Beyond \
the gate two guards look up from their dinner. Luke turns to see the \
monster heading for him, and pulls with all his might on the gate. The \
guards move to the gate and start poking at the young Jedi with spears, \
laughing.\
\
Luke crouches (against the wall) as the monster starts to reach for \
him. Suddenly he notices a main door control panel halfway up the wall. \
As the Rancor moves in for the kill, Luke picks up a skull from the \
cave floor and hurls it at the panel. The giant overhead door comes \
crashing down on the beast's head, squashing it like a sledgehammer on \
an egg.\
\
A startled gasp is heard from the stunned court. There's consternation \
at this turn of events. Heads look to Jabba, who is actually turning \
red with anger. Leia cannot suppress her joy. Jabba utters harsh \
commands to his guards and they hurry off.\
\
JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)\
Bring me Solo and the Wookiee. They will all suffer for this outrage.\
\

\f1\b 21   INT RANCOR PIT\

\f0\b0 \
The Rancor KEEPERS have come into the cage and are examining their dead \
beast. One of them breaks down and weeps. The other glares menacingly \
at Luke, who is unworried. Several guards rush into the holding tunnel \
and take Luke away.\
\

\f1\b 22   INT THRONE ROOM\

\f0\b0 \
The crowd of creepy courtiers parts as Han and Chewie are brought into \
the throne room, and other guards drag Luke up the steps.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Han!\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Luke!\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Are you all right?\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Fine. Together again, huh?\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Wouldn't miss it.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 How are we doing?\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 The same as always.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 That bad, huh? Where's Leia?\
\
Luke looks to Leia.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 I'm here.\
\
Threepio is standing behind the grotesque gangster as he strokes Leia \
like a pet cat. Several of the guards, including Lando, bring Luke from \
the other side of the room. Boba is standing behind Jabba.\
\
Threepio steps forward and translates for the captives.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Oh, dear. His High Exaltedness, the great Jabba the Hutt, has decreed \
that you are to be terminated immediately.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Good, I hate long waits.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 You will therefore be taken to the Dune Sea and cast into the pit of \
Carkoon, the nesting place of the all-powerful Sarlacc.\
\
HAN	 (to Luke)\
Doesn't sound so bad.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 In his belly, you will find a new definition of pain and suffering, as \
you are slowly digested over a thousand years.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 On second thought, let's pass on that, huh?\
\
Chewie barks his agreement.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 You should have bargained, Jabba. That's the last mistake you'll ever \
make.\
\
Jabba cackles evilly at this.\
\
As the guards drag the prisoners from the throne room, a loud cheer \
rises from the crowd. Leia and Chewie exchange concerned looks, but \
Luke Skywalker, Jedi warrior, cannot suppress a smile.\
\

\f1\b 23   EXT TATOOINE SEA - SKIFF\

\f0\b0 \
Jabba's huge SAIL BARGE moves above the desert surface accompanied by \
two smaller Skiffs. One of the skiffs glides close, revealing Luke, \
Han, and Chewie -- all in bonds -- surrounded by guards, one of whom is \
Lando in disguise.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 I think my eyes are getting better. Instead of a big dark blur, I see a \
big light blur.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 There's nothing to see. I used to live here, you know.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 You're gonna die here, you know. Convenient.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Just stick close to Chewie and Lando. I've taken care of everything.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Oh... great!\
\

\f1\b 24   INT BARGE OBSERVATION DECK\

\f0\b0 \
Jabba the Hutt rides like a sultan in the massive antigravity ship. His \
entire retinue is with him, drinking, eating, and having a good time. \
Leia is watching her friends in the skiff when the chain attached to \
her neck is pulled tight and Jabba tugs the scantily clad princess to \
him.\
\
JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)\
Soon you will learn to appreciate me.\
\
Threepio wanders among the Sail Barge aliens, bumping into a smaller \
droid serving drinks, spilling them all over the place. The stubby \
droid lets out an angry series of beeps and whistles.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Oh, I'm terribly sor... Artoo! What are you doing here?\
\
Artoo beeps a quick reply.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Well, I can see you're serving drinks, but this place is dangerous. \
They're going to execute Master Luke and, if we're not careful, us too!\
\
Artoo whistles a singsong response.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Hmm.  I wish I had your confidence.\
\

\f1\b 25   EXT SARLACC PIT \

\f0\b0 \
The convoy moves up over a huge sand pit. The Sail Barge stops to one \
side of the depression, as does the escort skiff. But the prisoner's \
skiff moves out directly over the center and hovers. At the bottom of \
the deep cone of sand is a repulsive, mucous-lined hole, surrounded by \
thousands of needle-sharp teeth. This is the SARLACC. A plank is \
extended from the edge of the prisoner's skiff. Guards release Luke's \
bonds and shove him out onto the plank above the Sarlacc's mouth.\
\

\f1\b 26   EXT SAIL BARGE OBSERVATION DECK\

\f0\b0 \
Jabba and Leia are now by the rail, watching. Threepio leans forward \
and the slobbering villain mumbles something to him. As Threepio steps \
up to a comlink, Jabba raises his arm and the motley array of \
intergalactic pirates fall silent. Threepio's voice is amplified across \
loudspeakers.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Victims of the almighty Sarlacc: His Excellency hopes that you will die \
honorably. But should any of you wish to beg for mercy, the great Jabba \
the Hutt will now listen to your pleas.\
\

\f1\b 27   EXT SKIFF\

\f0\b0 \
Han steps forward arrogantly and begins to speak.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Threepio, you tell that slimy piece of... worm-ridden filth he'll get \
no such pleasure from us. Right?\
\
Chewie growls his agreement.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Jabba! This is your last chance. Free us or die.\
\
Lando moves unobtrusively along the skiff as Luke shoots a quick look \
of conspiracy to him.\
\

\f1\b 28   INT SAIL BARGE OBSERVATION DECK\

\f0\b0 \
The assembled monsters rock with mocking laughter as Artoo zips \
unnoticed up the ramp to the upper deck. Jabba's laughter subsides as \
he speaks into the comlink.\
\
JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)\
Move him into position.\
\
Jabba makes a thumbs-down gesture. Leia looks worried.\
\

\f1\b 29   EXT BARGE - UPPER DECK\

\f0\b0 \
Artoo appears from below and zips over to the rail facing the pit. \
Below, in the skiff, Luke is prodded by a guard to the edge of the \
plank over the gaping Sarlacc. Luke looks up at Artoo, then gives a \
jaunty salute: the signal the little droid has been waiting for. A flap \
opens in Artoo's domed head.\
\
JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)\
Put him in.\
\

\f1\b 30   EXT SKIFF - PLANK\

\f0\b0 \
Luke is prodded and jumps off the plank to the cheers of the \
bloodthirsty spectators. But, before anyone can even perceive what is \
happening, he spins around and grabs the end of the plank by his \
fingertips. The plank bends wildly from his weight and catapults him \
skyward. In midair he does a complete flip and drops down on the end of \
the plank in the same spot he just vacated, but facing the skiff. He \
casually extends an open palm and -- his lightsaber, which Artoo has \
sent arcing toward him, drops into his hand.\
\
With samurai speed, Luke ignites it and attacks the guard who prodded \
him off the plank, sending the hapless monster screaming overboard. The \
other guards swarm toward Luke. He wades into them, lightsaber \
flashing. Lando struggles with another guard at the back of the skiff.\
\

\f1\b 31   EXT SARLACC PIT\

\f0\b0 \
A bewildered guard lands in the soft, sandy slope of the pit, and \
begins sliding. He claws desperately as a Sarlacc tentacle grabs him \
and pulls him screaming into the viscous mouth.\
\

\f1\b 32   INT SAIL BARGE\

\f0\b0 \
Jabba watches this and explodes in rage. He barks commands, and the \
guards around him rush off to do his bidding. The scuzzy creatures \
watching the action from the window are in an uproar.\
\

\f1\b 33   EXT SKIFF \

\f0\b0 \
Luke knocks another guard off the skiff and into the waiting mouth of \
the Sarlacc. He starts to untie Chewie's bonds.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Easy, Chewie.\
\
At that moment, the deck gunmen on the barge unleash a series of blasts \
from a big cannon on the upper deck. Lando is tossed from the deck of \
the rocking skiff. He manages to grab a rope, and dangles desperately \
above the Sarlacc pit.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Whoa! Whoa! Help!\
\

\f1\b 34   EXT UPPER DECK - SAIL BARGE\

\f0\b0 \
With two swift strides, the dangerous Boba Fett ignites his rocket \
pack, leaps into the air, and flies from the barge down to the skiff.\
\

\f1\b 35   EXT SKIFF\

\f0\b0 \
Boba lands on the skiff and starts to aim his laser gun at Luke, who \
has freed Han and Chewie from their bonds. But before Boba can fire, \
the young Jedi spins on him, lightsaber sweeping, and hacks the bounty \
hunter's gun in half.\
\
Immediately, the skiff takes another direct hit from the barge's deck \
gun. Shards of skiff deck fly. Chewie and Han are thrown against the \
rail.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Chewie, you okay? Where is he?\
\
The Wookiee is wounded and he howls in pain.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 I'm okay, pal.\
\
For a moment, Luke is distracted, and in that moment, Boba fires a \
cable out of his armored sleeve. Instantly, Luke is wrapped in a strong \
cable, his arms pinned against his side, his sword arm free only from \
the wrist down.  Luke bends his wrist so the lightsaber points straight \
up to reach the wire lasso and cuts through. Luke shrugs away the cable \
and stands free.\
\
Another blast from the Barge's deck gun hits near Boba and he is \
knocked unconscious to the deck, next to where Lando is hanging.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Han! Chewie?\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Lando!\
\
Luke is a little shaken but remains standing as a fusillade brackets \
him. The second skiff, loaded with guards firing their weapons, moves \
in on Luke fast. Luke leaps toward the incoming second skiff. The young \
Jedi leaps into the middle of the second skiff and begins decimating \
the guards from their midst.\
\
Chewie, wounded, tries to lift himself as he barks directions to Han, \
guiding him toward a spear which has been dropped by one of the guards. \
Han searches the deck as Chewie barks directions; finally he grabs hold \
of the spear.\
\
Boba Fett, badly shaken, rises from the deck. He looks over at the \
other skiff, where Luke is whipping a mass of guards. Boba raises his \
arm, and aims his lethal appendage.\
\
Chewie barks desperately at Han.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Boba Fett?! Boba Fett?! Where?\
\
The space pirate turns around blindly, and the long spear in his hand \
whacks squarely in the middle of Boba's rocket pack.\
\
The impact of the swing causes the rocket pack to ignite. Boba blasts \
off, flying over the second skiff like a missile, smashing against the \
side of the huge Sail Barge and sliding away into the pit. He screams \
as his armored body makes its last flight past Lando and directly into \
the mucous mouth of the Sarlacc. The Sarlacc burps. Chewie growls a \
weak congratulations to Han.\
\

\f1\b 36   INT SAIL BARGE\

\f0\b0 \
Leia turns from the spectacle outside, leaps onto Jabba's throne, and \
throws the chain that enslaves her over his head around his bulbous \
neck. Then she dives off the other side of the throne, pulling the \
chain violently in her grasp. Jabba's flaccid neck contracts beneath \
the tightening chain. His huge eyes bulge from their sockets and his \
scum-coated tongue flops out. The Exalted Hutt's huge tail spasms \
through its death throes and then slams down into final stillness. Leia \
struggles to free herself of her bondage.\
\

\f1\b 37   EXT SKIFF\

\f0\b0 \
Luke continues to destroy the aliens on the guards' skiff, as Han \
extends his spear downward to Lando, who is still dangling precariously \
from a rope on the prisoner's skiff.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Lando, grab it!\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Lower it!\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 I'm trying!\
\
A major hit from the barge deck gun knocks the skiff on its side. Han \
and almost everything else on board slides overboard. The rope breaks, \
and Lando falls to the side of the Sarlacc pit. Luckily, Han's foot \
catches on the skiff railing and he dangles above Lando and the pit. \
The wounded Wookiee holds onto the skiff for dear life as another hit \
from the deck gun rocks the skiff violently.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Whoa! Whoa! Grab me, Chewie! I'm slipping.\
\
Chewie grabs hold of Han's feet, holding him upside down, as Han \
extends the spear toward Lando, who is clutching to the side of the \
pit.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Grab it! L--Lando. Grab!\
\
Luke finishes off the last guard on the second skiff. He sees the deck \
gun blasting away at his helpless companions. Luke leaps from the \
skiff, across a chasm of air, to the sheer metallic side of the Sail \
Barge. Barely able to get a fingerhold, he begins a painful climb up \
the hull, when suddenly an ax smashes through a window an inch from his \
head. With Jedi agility, Luke grasps the wrist holding the ax and yanks \
the helpless guard through the broken window and into the deadly pit.\
\
The injured Chewie is reaching over the rail for the dangling Han, who \
is in turn blindly reaching down toward the desperate Lando. The Baron \
has stopped his slippage down the sandy slope of the Sarlacc pit by \
lying very still. Every time he tries to reach for Han, the loose sand \
moves him closer to his final reward.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Grab it! Almost... You almost got it!\
\
Another blast hits the front of the tilted skiff, causing Lando to let \
go of the spear.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Hold it! Whoa!\
\
Again Han extends the spear toward Lando.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Gently now. All... all right. Now easy, easy. Hold me, Chewie.\
\
Lando screams. One of the Sarlacc's tentacles has wrapped tightly \
around his ankle, dragging him down the side of the pit.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Chewie! Chewie, give me the gun. Don't move, Lando.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 No, wait! I thought you were blind!\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 It's all right. Trust me. Don't move.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 All right! A little higher! Just a little higher!\
\
Han adjusts his aim as Lando lowers his head, and the fuzzy-eyed pirate \
fires at the tentacle. Direct hit. The tentacle releases Lando, and \
Chewie starts to pull them on board the skiff.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Chewie, Pull us up! Come on! Okay... up, Chewie, up!\
\

\f1\b 38   EXT UPPER DECK\

\f0\b0 \
The deck gunners have Chewie and the desperate dangling human chain in \
their gun sights when something up on deck commands their attention: \
Luke, standing before them like a pirate king, ignites his lightsaber. \
The deck gunners have barely reached for their pistols before the young \
Jedi has demolished them. Immediately, Luke turns to see two more \
gunners (who have been uncovering a giant gun at the end of the barge) \
racing for him, firing their laser pistols.\
\

\f1\b 39   INT SAIL BARGE - OBSERVATION DECK\

\f0\b0 \
Leia is struggling against her chains in desperation as Artoo zips \
through the tumult of confused monsters to the rescue; the stubby \
little droid extends a small laser gun and blasts the chain apart.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Come on. We gotta get out of here quick.\
\
Artoo and Leia race for the exit, passing Threepio, who is kicking and \
screaming as Salacious Crumb, the reptilian monkey- monster picks out \
one of the golden droid's eyes.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Not my eyes! Artoo, help! Quickly, Artoo. Oh! Ohhh! You beast!\
\
Artoo zips over and zaps Salacious, sending him skyward with a scream, \
crashing into the rafters as Artoo, Leia, and Threepio (with his eye \
dangling from a wire) hurry off.\
\

\f1\b 40   EXT UPPER DECK - SAIL BARGE\

\f0\b0 \
Luke is warding off laser blasts with his lightsaber, surrounded by \
guards and fighting like a demon. Leia emerges onto the deck as Luke \
turns to face another guard.\
\
LUKE	 (to Leia)\
Get the gun! Point it at the deck!\
\
Leia turns toward the barge cannon, climbs on the platform, and swivels \
the gun around.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Point it at the deck!\
\
A laser blast hits Luke's mechanical hand and he bends over in pain, \
but manages to swing his lightsaber upward and take out the last of the \
guards. He looks at the wounded hand, which reveals the mechanism. He \
flexes the hand; it still works.\
\
Near the rail of the upper deck, Artoo and Threepio steady themselves \
as Threepio gets ready to jump. Artoo beeps wildly.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Artoo, where are we going? I couldn't possibly jump.\
\
Artoo butts the golden droid over the edge and steps off himself, \
tumbling toward the sand.\
\
Luke runs along the empty deck toward Leia and the barge gun, which she \
has brought around to point down at the deck.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Come on!\
\
Luke has hold on one of the rigging ropes from the mast. He gathers \
Leia in his other arm and kicks the trigger of the deck gun. The gun \
explodes into the deck as Luke and Leia swing out toward the skiff.\
\

\f1\b 41   EXT SKIFF  \

\f0\b0 \
Han leans panting against the rail as Chewie helps Lando onto the deck. \
Luke and Leia land on the skiff with flair.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Let's go! And don't forget the droids.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 We're on our way.\
\
The Sail Barge is exploding in stages in the distance. Half of the huge \
craft is on fire.\
\

\f1\b 42   EXT SAND DUNE\

\f0\b0 \
Threepio's legs stick straight up from the dune where he landed. Next \
to it, Artoo's periscope is the only thing above the sand. The skiff \
floats above them and two large electromagnets dangle down on a wire. \
With a loud CLANG, both droids are pulled \
from the sand.\
\

\f1\b 43   EXT DUNE SEA\

\f0\b0 \
The little skiff skips around the burning Sail Barge, which continues \
its chain of explosions. As the skiff sails off across the desert, the \
barge settles to the sand and disappears in one final conflagration.\
\

\f1\b 44   EXT DUNE SEA - LANDING AREA\

\f0\b0 \
A ferocious sandstorm blocks our view. Then, through the ROAR, we HEAR \
THE VOICES of our heroes. They emerge slowly from the veil of sand, \
pressing on against the wind. First come Artoo and Threepio, followed \
by Leia guiding Han, then Luke and Lando come into view, each \
supporting one side of the towering Chewbacca, who hobbles from his \
wound.\
\
Soon, they can make out some large vague shapes in the blowing sand. It \
is the Millennium Falcon and, parked beside it, Luke's trusty X-wing \
and a two-seated Y-wing. They must shout to be heard.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 I don't know. All I can see is a lot of blowing sand!\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 That's all any of us can see.\
\
HAN	 (blinking)\
Then I guess I'm getting better.\
\
As soon as the group huddles under the bulk of the Falcon, the wind \
dies down to something more describable as a severe weather condition. \
Threepio hits a switch, and the gang-plank lowers with a HUM.\
\
HAN 	(turning to Luke)\
I've got to hand it to you, kid, you were pretty good out there.\
\
LUKE	 (shrugging it off)\
I had a lot of help. Think nothing of it.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 No, I'm thinking a lot about it. That carbon freeze was the closest \
thing to dead there is. And it wasn't just sleepin'. It was a big wide \
awake nothing!\
\
Luke nods, as Chewie growls affectionately at the young Jedi warrior, \
mussing his hair like a proud uncle. And Leia warmly hugs him.\
\
LUKE 	(moving to his ship)\
I'll see you back at the fleet.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Why don't you leave that crate and come with us?\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 I have a promise I have to keep first... to an old friend.\
\
Luke and Artoo take off in their spacecraft.\
\

\f1\b HAN		\

\f0\b0 (looking dubiously at Lando, obviously remembering his friend's \
betrayal and subsequent aide)\
Guess I owe you some thanks, too, Lando.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Figured if I left you frozen like that you'd just give me bad luck the \
rest of my life, so I might as well get you unfrozen sooner or later.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 He means "You're welcome."\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Come on, let's get off this miserable dust ball.\
\

\f1\b 44A  EXT SPACE ABOVE TATOOINE \

\f0\b0 \
The desolate yellow planet fills the screen, Luke's X-wing appears and \
peels off to the left. A moment later, the FALCON appears as a dot and \
grows huge, to roar directly over the CAMERA.\
\

\f1\b 45   INT X-WING - COCKPIT\

\f0\b0 \
Luke is at the controls, with Artoo attached behind him outside the \
canopy. Luke speaks into his comlink to the others, in the MILLENNIUM \

\f1\b FALCON.\

\f0\b0 \

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 I'll meet you back at the fleet.\
\
LEIA	 (over comlink)\
Hurry. The Alliance should be assembled by now.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 I will.\
\
HAN	 (over comlink)\
Hey, Luke, thanks. Thanks for comin' after me. Now I owe you one.\
\
A message from Artoo appears on the small monitor screen in front of \
Luke. He smiles at the monitor and speaks to Artoo, as he pulls a black \
glove on to cover his wounded mechanical hand.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 That's right, Artoo. We're going to the Dagobah system. I have a \
promise to keep... to an old friend.\
\

\f1\b 46   EXT SPACE - DEATH STAR AND ENDOR\

\f0\b0 \
A Super Star Destroyer and several ships of the Imperial Fleet rest in \
space above the half-completed Death Star and its green neighbor, \
Endor. Four squads of TIE fighters escort an Imperial shuttle toward \
the Death Star.\
\

\f1\b 47   INT DEATH STAR - CORRIDOR TO DOCKING BAY\

\f0\b0 \
Lord Vader strides down the hallway, accompanied by a very nervous \
Death Star commander.\
\

\f1\b 48   INT DOCKING BAY - DEATH STAR\

\f0\b0 \
Thousands of Imperial troops in tight formation fill the mammoth \
docking bay. Vader and the officer walk to the landing platform, where \
the shuttle is coming to rest.\
\
The shuttle's ramp lowers and the Emperor's Royal Guards come out and \
create a lethal perimeter. The assembled troops move to rigid attention \
with a momentous SNAP.\
\
Then, in the huge SILENCE which follows, the EMPEROR appears. He is a \
rather small, shriveled old man. His bent frame slowly makes its way \
down the ramp with the aid of a gnarled cane. He wears a hooded cloak \
similar to the one Ben wears, except that it is black. The Emperor's \
face is shrouded and difficult to see, except for his piercing yellow \
eyes. Commander Jerjerrod and Darth Vader kneel to him. The Supreme \
Ruler of the galaxy beckons to the Dark Lord.\
\
EMPEROR	 (to Vader)\
Rise, my friend.\
\
Vader rises and falls in next to the Emperor as he slowly makes his way \
along the rows of troops. Jerjerrod and the other commanders stay \
kneeling until the Supreme Ruler and Vader, followed by several \
Imperial dignitaries, pass by; only then do they join in the \
procession.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 The Death Star will be completed on schedule.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 You have done well, Lord Vader. And now I sense you wish to continue \
your search for young Skywalker.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 Yes, my Master.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 Patience, my friend. In time he will seek you out. And when he does, \
you must bring him\
before me. He has grown strong. Only together can we turn him to the \
dark side of the\
Force.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 As you wish.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 Everything is proceeding as I have foreseen.\
\
He laughs to himself as they pass along the vast line of Imperial \
troops.\
\

\f1\b 49   EXT YODA'S HOUSE - DAGOBAH\

\f0\b0 \
Once again, Artoo finds himself waiting around in the damp environs of \
the swamp planet, and he's none too happy about it. He beeps \
disconsolately to himself and turns to look at Yoda's cottage. Warm \
yellow light escapes the oddly shaped windows to fight the gloom.\
\

\f1\b 50   INT YODA'S HOUSE\

\f0\b0 \
The tip of a walking stick taps hesitantly across the earthen floor of \
the cottage. Our view travels up the stick to the small green hand that \
clutches it, and then to the familiar face of YODA, THE JEDI MASTER. \
His manner is frail, and his voice, though cheerful, seems weaker.\
\

\f1\b YODA\

\f0\b0 Hmm. That face you make. Look I so old to young eyes?\
\
Luke is sitting in a corner of the cramped space and, indeed, his look \
has been woeful. Caught, he tries to hide it.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 No... of course not.\
\
YODA	 (tickled, chuckles)\
I do, yes, I do!  Sick have I become. Old and weak. \
(Points a crooked finger)\
When nine hundred years old you reach, look as good you will not. Hmm?\
\
Yoda chuckles at this, coughs, and hobbles over toward his bed.\
\

\f1\b YODA\

\f0\b0 Soon will I rest. Yes, forever sleep. Earned it, I have.\
\
Yoda sits himself on his bed, with great effort.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Master Yoda, you can't die.\
\

\f1\b YODA\

\f0\b0 Strong am I with the Force... but not that strong! Twilight is upon me \
and soon night must fall. That is the way of things... the way of the \
Force.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 But I need your help. I've come back to complete the training.\
\

\f1\b YODA\

\f0\b0 No more training do you require. Already know you that which you need.\
\
Yoda sighs, and lies back on his bed.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Then I am a Jedi?\
\
YODA	 (shakes his head)\
Ohhh. Not yet. One thing remains: Vader. You must confront Vader. Then, \
only then, a Jedi will you be. And confront him you will.\
\
Luke is in agony. He is silent for a long moment, screwing up his \
courage. Finally he is able to ask.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Master Yoda... is Darth Vader my father?\
\
Yoda's eyes are full of weariness and compassion. An odd, sad smile \
creases his face. He turns painfully on his side, away from Luke.\
\

\f1\b YODA\

\f0\b0 Mmm... rest I need. Yes... rest.\
\
Luke watches him, each moment an eternity.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Yoda, I must know.\
\

\f1\b YODA\

\f0\b0 Your father he is.\
\
Luke reacts as if cut.\
\

\f1\b YODA\

\f0\b0 Told you, did he?\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Yes.\
\
A new look of concern crosses Yoda's face.  He closes his eyes.\
\

\f1\b YODA\

\f0\b0 Unexpected this is, and unfortunate...\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Unfortunate that I know the truth?\
\
Yoda opens his eyes again and studies the youth.\
\
YODA		 (gathering all his strength)\
No. Unfortunate that you rushed to face him... that incomplete was your \
training. Not\
ready for the burden were you.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Well, I'm sorry.\
\

\f1\b YODA\

\f0\b0 Remember, a Jedi's strength flows from the Force.  But beware.  Anger, \
fear, aggression.\
The dark side are they.  Once you start down the dark path, forever \
will it dominate your\
destiny.\
\
He beckons the young Jedi closer to him.\
\

\f1\b YODA\

\f0\b0 Luke...Luke...Do not...Do not underestimate the powers of the Emperor, \
or suffer your father's fate, you will. Luke, when gone am I\
(cough),\
the last of the Jedi will you be. Luke, the Force runs strong in your \
family. Pass on what you have learned, Luke... \
(with great effort)\
There is...another...Sky...Sky...walker.\
\
He catches his breath. A shiver runs through the ancient green \
creature, and he dies. Luke stares at his dead master as he disappears \
in front of his eyes.\
\

\f1\b 51   EXT DAGOBAH SWAMP - X-WING \

\f0\b0 \
Luke wanders back to where his ship is sitting. Artoo beeps a greeting, \
but is ignored by his depressed master. Luke kneels down, begins to \
help Artoo with the ship, then stops and shakes his head dejectedly.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 I can't do it, Artoo. I can't go on alone.\
\

\f1\b BEN	 (OS)\

\f0\b0 Yoda will always be with you.\
\
Luke looks up to see the shimmering image of BEN KENOBI.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Obi-Wan! Why didn't you tell me?\
\
The ghost of Ben Kenobi approaches him through the swamp.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 You told me Vader betrayed and murdered my father.\
\

\f1\b BEN\

\f0\b0 You father was seduced by the dark side of the Force. He ceased to be \
Anakin Skywalker\
and became Darth Vader. When that happened, the good man who was your \
father was destroyed. So what I have told you was true... from a \
certain point of view.\
\
LUKE	 (turning away, derisive)\
A certain point of view!\
\

\f1\b BEN\

\f0\b0 Luke, you're going to find that many of the truths we cling to depend \
greatly on our own\
point of view.\
\
Luke is unresponsive. Ben studies him in silence for a moment.\
\

\f1\b BEN\

\f0\b0 I don't blame you for being angry. If I was wrong in what I did, it \
certainly wouldn't have been for the first time. You see, what happened \
to your father was my fault.\
\
Ben pauses sadly.\
\

\f1\b BEN\

\f0\b0 Anakin was a good friend.\
\
Luke turns with interest at this. As Ben speaks, Luke settles on a \
stump, mesmerized. Artoo comes over to offer his comforting presence.\
\

\f1\b BEN\

\f0\b0 When I first knew him, your father was already a great pilot. But I was \
amazed how strongly the Force was with him. I took it upon myself to \
train him as a Jedi. I thought that I could instruct him just as well \
as Yoda. I was wrong. My pride has had terrible consequences for the \
galaxy.\
\
Luke is entranced.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 There's still good in him.\
\

\f1\b BEN\

\f0\b0 I also thought he could be turned back to the good side. It couldn't be \
done. He is more machine now than man. Twisted and evil.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 I can't do it, Ben.\
\

\f1\b BEN\

\f0\b0 You cannot escape your destiny.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 I tried to stop him once. I couldn't do it.\
\

\f1\b BEN\

\f0\b0 Vader humbled you when first you met him, Luke... but that experience \
was part of your training. It taught you, among other things, the value \
of patience. Had you not been so impatient to defeat Vader then, you \
could have finished your training here with Yoda. You would have been \
prepared.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 But I had to help my friends.\
\
BEN	 (grinning at Luke's indignation)\
And did you help them? It was they who had to save you. You achieved \
little by rushing back prematurely, I fear.\
\
LUKE	 (with sadness)\
I found out Darth Vader was my father.\
\

\f1\b BEN\

\f0\b0 To be a Jedi, Luke, you must confront and then go beyond the dark side \
- the side your father couldn't get past. Impatience is the easiest \
door - for you, like your father. Only, your father was seduced by what \
he found on the other side of the door, and you have held firm. You're \
no longer so reckless now, Luke. You are strong and patient. And now, \
you must face Darth Vader again!\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 I can't kill my own father.\
\

\f1\b BEN\

\f0\b0 Then the Emperor has already won. You were our only hope.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Yoda spoke of another.\
\

\f1\b BEN\

\f0\b0 The other he spoke of is your twin sister.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 But I have no sister.\
\

\f1\b BEN\

\f0\b0 Hmm. To protect you both from the Emperor, you were hidden from your \
father when you were born. The Emperor knew, as I did, if Anakin were \
to have any offspring, they would be a threat to him. That is the \
reason why your sister remains safely anonymous.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Leia! Leia's my sister.\
\

\f1\b BEN\

\f0\b0 Your insight serves you well. Bury your feelings deep down, Luke. They \
do you credit.\
But they could be made to serve the Emperor.\
\
Luke looks into the distance, trying to comprehend all this.\
\
BEN	 (continuing his narrative)\
When your father left, he didn't know your mother was pregnant. Your \
mother and I knew he would find out eventually, but we wanted to keep \
you both as safe as possible, for as long as possible.  So I took you \
to live with my brother Owen on Tatooine... and your mother took Leia \
to live as the daughter of Senator Organa, on Alderaan.\
\
Luke turns, and settles near Ben to hear the tale.\
\
BEN	 (attempting to give solace with his words)\
The Organa household was high-born and politically quite powerful in \
that system. Leia became a princess by virtue of lineage... no one knew \
she'd been adopted, of course. But it was a title without real power, \
since Alderaan had long been a democracy.  Even so, the family \
continued to be politically powerful, and Leia, following in her foster \
father's path, became a senator as well.  That's not all she became, of \
course... she became the leader of her cell in the Alliance against the \
corrupt Empire. And because she had diplomatic immunity, she was a \
vital link for getting information to the Rebel cause.  That's what she \
was doing when her path crossed yours... for her foster parents had \
always told her to contact me on Tatooine, if her troubles became \
desperate.\
\
Luke is overwhelmed by the truth, and is suddenly protective of his \
sister.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 But you can't let her get involved now, Ben. Vader will destroy her.\
\

\f1\b BEN\

\f0\b0 She hasn't been trained in the ways of the Jedi the way you have, \
Luke... but the Force is strong with her, as it is with all of your \
family. There is no avoiding the battle. You must face and destroy \
Vader!\
\

\f1\b 52   EXT SPACE - REBEL FLEET\

\f0\b0 \
The vast Rebel Fleet stretches as far as the eye can see. Overhead a \
dozen small Corellian battleships fly in formation. Fighters and \
battlecruisers surround the largest of the Rebel Star Cruisers, the \

\f1\b HEADQUARTERS FRIGATE.\

\f0\b0 \

\f1\b 53   INT HEADQUARTERS FRIGATE - MAIN BRIEFING ROOM\

\f0\b0 \
Hundreds of Rebel commanders of all races and forms are assembled in \
the WAR ROOM. WEDGE is among them. In the center of the room is a \
holographic model depicting the half-completed Imperial Death Star, the \
nearby Moon of Endor, and the protecting deflector shield.\
\
MON MOTHMA, the leader of the Alliance, enters the room. She is a stern \
but beautiful woman in her fifties. Conferring with her are several \
military leaders, including GENERAL MADINE and ADMIRAL ACKBAR (a \
salmon-colored Mon Calamari). Lando moves through the crowd until he \
finds Han and Chewie, standing next to Leia and the two droids.\
\
Han peers at Lando's new insignia on his chest, and is amused.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Well, look at you, a general, huh?\
\

\f1\b  LANDO\

\f0\b0  Oh, well, someone must have told them about my little maneuver at the \
battle of Taanab.\
\
HAN	 (sarcastic)\
Well, don't look at me, pal. I just said you were a fair pilot. I \
didn't know they were\
lookin' for somebody to lead this crazy attack.\
\
LANDO	 (smiling)\
I'm surprised they didn't ask you to do it.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Well, who says they didn't.  But I ain't crazy. You're the respectable \
one, remember?\
\
Mon Mothma signals for attention, and the room falls silent.\
\

\f1\b MON MOTHMA\

\f0\b0 The Emperor has made a critical error and the time for our attack has \
come.\
\
This causes a stir. Mon Mothma turns to a holographic model of the \
Death Star, the Endor moon and the protecting deflector shield in the \
center of the room.\
\

\f1\b MON MOTHMA\

\f0\b0 The data brought to us by the Bothan spies pinpoints the exact location \
of the Emperor's new battle station. We also know that the weapon \
systems of this Death Star are not yet operational. With the Imperial \
Fleet spread throughout the galaxy in a vain effort to engage us, it is \
relatively unprotected. But most important of all, we've learned that \
the Emperor himself is personally overseeing the final stages of the \
construction of this Death Star.\
\
A volley of spirited chatter erupts from the crowd. Han turns to Leia \
as Chewie barks his amazement.\
\
MON MOTHMA	 (cont)\
Many Bothans died to bring us this information. Admiral Ackbar, please.\
\
Admiral Ackbar steps forward and points to the Death Star's force field \
and the Moon of Endor.\
\

\f1\b ACKBAR\

\f0\b0 You can see here the Death Star orbiting the forest Moon of Endor. \
Although the weapon\
systems on this Death Star are not yet operational, the Death Star does \
have a strong defense mechanism. It is protected by an energy shield, \
which is generated from the nearby forest Moon of Endor. The shield \
must be deactivated if any attack is to be attempted. Once the shield \
is down, our cruisers will create a perimeter, while the fighters fly \
into the superstructure and attempt to knock out the main reactor.\
\
There's a concerned murmur.\
\
ACKBAR	 (cont)\
General Calrissian has volunteered to lead the fighter attack\
\
Han turns to Lando with a look of respect.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Good luck.\
\
Lando nods his thanks.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 You're gonna need it.\
\

\f1\b ACKBAR\

\f0\b0 General Madine.\
\
Madine moves center stage.\
\

\f1\b GENERAL MADINE\

\f0\b0 We have stolen a small Imperial shuttle. Disguised as a cargo ship, and \
using a secret\
Imperial code, a strike team will land on the moon and deactivate the \
shield generator.\
\
The assembly begins to mumble among themselves.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Sounds dangerous.\
\
LEIA	 (to Han)\
I wonder who they found to pull that off.\
\

\f1\b GENERAL MADINE\

\f0\b0 General Solo, is your strike team assembled?\
\
Leia, startled, looks up at Han, surprise changing to admiration.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Uh, my team's ready. I don't have a command crew for the shuttle.\
\
Chewbacca raises his hairy paw and volunteers.  Han looks up at him.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Well, it's gonna be rough, pal. I didn't want to speak for you.\
\
Chewie waves that off with a huge GROWL.\
\
HAN	 (smiles)\
That's one.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Uh, General... count me in.\
\

\f1\b VOICE	 (OS)\

\f0\b0 I'm with you, too!\
\
They turn in that direction and peer into the crowd as there are more \
cheers. The commanders part, and there at the back stands Luke. Han and \
Leia are surprised and delighted.\
\
Leia moves to Luke and embraces him warmly. She senses a change in him \
and looks into his eyes questioningly.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0  What is it?\
\
LUKE	 (hesitant)\
Ask me again sometime.\
\
Han, Chewie, and Lando crowd around Luke as the assembly breaks up.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Luke.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Hi, Han... Chewie.\
\
Artoo beeps a singsong observation to a worried Threepio.\
\

\f1\b  THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 "Exciting" is hardly the word I would use.\
\

\f1\b 54   INT HEADQUARTERS FRIGATE - MAIN DOCKING BAY\

\f0\b0 \
The Millennium Falcon rests beyond the stolen IMPERIAL SHUTTLE, which \
looks anomalous among all the Rebel ships in the vast docking bay. \
Chewie barks a final farewell to Lando and leads Artoo and Threepio up \
the shuttle, crowded now with the Rebel strike team loading weapons and \
supplies. Lando turns to face Han. Luke and Leia have said their good-\
byes and start up the ramp.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Look. I want you to take her. I mean it. Take her. You need all the \
help you can get. She's\
the fastest ship in the fleet.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 All right, old buddy. You know, I know what she means to you. I'll take \
good care of her.\
She-she won't get a scratch. All right?\
\
HAN	 (looks at him warmly)\
Right. I got your promise now. Not a scratch.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Look, would you get going, you pirate.\
\
Han and Lando pause, then exchange salutes.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Good luck.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 You, too.\
\
Han goes up the ramp. Lando watches him go and then slowly turns away.\
\

\f1\b 55   INT IMPERIAL SHUTTLE - COCKPIT\

\f0\b0 \
Luke is working on a back control panel as Han comes in and takes the \
pilot's seat. Chewie, in the seat next to him, is trying to figure out \
all the Imperial controls.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 You got her warmed?\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Yeah, she's comin' up.\
\
Chewie growls a complaint.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 No. I don't think the Empire had Wookiees in mind when they designed \
her, Chewie.\
\
Leia comes in from the hold and takes her seat near Luke.\
\
Chewie barks and hits some switches. Han's glance has stuck on \
something out the window: the Millennium Falcon. Leia nudges him \
gently.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Hey, are you awake?\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Yeah, I just got a funny feeling. Like I'm not gonna see her again.\
\
Chewie, hearing this, stops his activity and looks longingly out at the \
Falcon, too. Leia puts a hand on Han's shoulder.\
\
LEIA	 (softly)\
Come on, General, let's move.\
\
Han snaps back to life.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Right. Chewie, let's see what this piece of junk can do. Ready, \
everybody?\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 All set.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Here we go again.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 All right, hang on.\
\

\f1\b 56   EXT SPACE - THE REBEL FLEET\

\f0\b0 \
The stolen Imperial shuttle leaves the main docking bay of the \
Headquarters Frigate, lowers its wings into flight position, and zooms \
off into space.\
\

\f1\b 57   INT EMPEROR'S THRONE ROOM\

\f0\b0 \
The converted control room is dimly lit, except for a pool of light at \
the far end. There the Emperor sits in an elaborate control chair \
before a large window which looks out across the half-completed Death \
Star to the giant green moon of Endor.\
\
Darth Vader, standing with other members of the Imperial council, \
cautiously approaches his master. The ruler's back is to Vader. After \
several tense moments, the Emperor's chair rotates around to face him.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 What is thy bidding, my Master?\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 Send the fleet to the far side of Endor. There it will stay until \
called for.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 What of the reports of the Rebel fleet massing near Sullust?\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 It is of no concern. Soon the Rebellion will be crushed and young \
Skywalker will be one of us! Your work here is finished, my friend. Go \
out to the command ship and await my orders.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 Yes, my Master.\
\
Vader bows, then turns and exits the throne room as the Emperor walks \
toward the waiting council members.\
\

\f1\b 58   EXT SPACE - DEATH STAR - MOON\

\f0\b0 \
There is a great deal of Imperial traffic in the area as construction \
proceeds on the Death Star. Transports, TIE fighters, and a few Star \
Destroyers move about. Now the huge Super Star Destroyer announces \
itself with a low roar and soon fills the frame.\
\

\f1\b 59   INT STOLEN IMPERIAL SHUTTLE - COCKPIT\

\f0\b0 \
Han looks back at Luke and Leia as Chewie flips several switches. \
Through the viewscreen, the Death Star and the huge Super Star \
Destroyer can be seen.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 If they don't go for this, we're gonna have to get outta here pretty \
quick, Chewie.\
\
Chewie growls his agreement.\
\
CONTROLLER	 (over radio)\
We have you on our screen now. Please identify.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Shuttle Tydirium requesting deactivation of the deflector shield.\
\
CONTROLLER	 (over radio)\
Shuttle Tydirium, transmit the clearance code for shield passage.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Transmission commencing.\
\
Leia and Chewbacca listen tensely as the sound of a high speed \
transmission begins.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Now we find out if that code is worth the price we paid.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 It'll work. It'll work.\
\
Chewie whines nervously. Luke stares at the Huge Super Star Destroyer \
that looms ever larger before them.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Vader's on that ship.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Now don't get jittery, Luke. There are a lot of command ships. Keep \
your distance though, Chewie, but don't look like you're trying to keep \
your distance.\
\
Chewie barks a question.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 I don't know.  Fly casual.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 I'm endangering the mission. I shouldn't have come.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 It's your imagination, kid. Come on. Let's keep a little optimism here.\
\
Chewie barks his worries as the Super Star Destroyer grows larger out \
the window.\
\

\f1\b 60   INT VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE\

\f0\b0 \
Lord Vader stands, back to us, staring out a window at the Death Star. \
Now, some vibration felt only by him causes him to turn. After a moment \
of stillness, he walks down the row of controllers to where ADMIRAL \
PIETT is leaning over the tracking screen of the controller we've seen \
earlier. Piett straightens at Vader's approach.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 Where is that shuttle going?\
\
PIETT	 (into comlink)\
Shuttle Tydirium, what is your cargo and destination?\
\
PILOT VOICE    (HAN)   (filtered)\
Parts and technical crew for the forest moon.\
\
The Bridge Commander looks to Vader for a reaction.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 Do they have a code clearance?\
\

\f1\b PIETT\

\f0\b0 It's an older code, sir, but it checks out. I was about to clear them.\
\
Vader looks upward, as he senses Luke's presence.\
\

\f1\b PIETT\

\f0\b0 Shall I hold them?\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 No. Leave them to me. I will deal with them myself.\
\
PIETT	 (surprised)\
As you wish, my lord.\
(to controller)\
Carry on.\
\
Piett nods at controller, who switches on his comlink.\
\

\f1\b 61   INT STOLEN IMPERIAL SHUTTLE - COCKPIT\

\f0\b0 \
The group waits tensely.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 They're not goin' for it, Chewie.\
\
CONTROLLER	 (filtered)\
Shuttle Tydirium, deactivation of the shield will commence immediately. \
Follow your\
present course.\
\
Everyone breaths a sigh of relief. Everyone but Luke, who looks \
worried. Chewie barks.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Okay! I told you it was gonna work. No problem.\
\

\f1\b 62   EXT SPACE - STOLEN IMPERIAL SHUTTLE - ENDOR\

\f0\b0 \
The stolen Imperial shuttle moves off toward the green Sanctuary Moon.\
\

\f1\b 63   EXT FOREST LANDING SITE - ENDOR\

\f0\b0 \
The stolen Imperial shuttle sits in a clearing of the moon's dark, \
primeval forest, dwarfed by the ancient towering trees.\
\
On an adjacent hill, the helmeted Rebel contingent makes its way up a \
steep trail. Leia and Han are slightly ahead of Chewie and Luke. The \
troops of the strike-team squad follow, with Artoo and Threepio \
bringing up the rear. Artoo beeps.\
\
Up ahead, Chewie and Leia reach a crest in the hill and drop suddenly \
to the ground, signaling the rest of the group to stop. Han and Luke \
crawl up to take a look.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Oh, I told you it was dangerous here.\
\
THEIR POV. Not far below them, two IMPERIAL SCOUTS are wandering \
through bushes in the valley below. Their two ROCKET BIKES are parked \
nearby.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Shall we try and go around?\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 It'll take time. This whole party'll be for nothing if they see us.\
\
Leia motions for the squad to stay put, then she, Han, Luke and Chewie \
start quietly down.\
\

\f1\b 64   EXT FOREST CLEARING - CAMPSITE\

\f0\b0 \
The four friends make their way to the edge of the clearing not far \
from the two Imperial scouts.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Chewie and I will take care of this. You stay here.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Quietly, there might be more of them out there.\
\
HAN	 (grins)\
Hey... it's me.\
\
Han and Chewie turn and start through the bushes toward the scouts. \
Luke and Leia exchange smiles.\
\
Han sneaks up behind one of the scouts, steps on a twig and the scout \
whirls, knocking Han into a tree. The scout shouts for his companion.\
\

\f1\b SCOUT #1\

\f0\b0 Go for help! Go!\
\
The second scout jumps on his speeder bike and takes off, but Chewie \
gets off a shot on his crossbow laser weapon, causing the scout to \
crash into a tree. Han and Scout #1 are in a rousing fistfight.\
\
LUKE	 (sarcastic)\
Great. Come on.\
\
Luke starts for the scuffle, followed by Leia with her laser pistol \
drawn. As they run through the bushes, Leia stops and points to where \
two more scouts are sitting on their speeder bikes, with an unoccupied \
bike parked nearby.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Over there! Two more of them!\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 I see them. Wait, Leia!\
\
But Leia doesn't hear him and races for the remaining speeder bike. She \
starts it up and takes off as Luke jumps on the bike behind her.\
\
LUKE	 (pointing to the controls)\
Quick! Jam their comlink. Center switch!\
\
Luke and Leia speed into the dense foliage in hot pursuit, barely \
avoiding two huge trees.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Hey, wait! Ahhh!\
\
He flips the remaining scout to the ground.\
\

\f1\b 65   EXT FOREST - THE BIKE CHASE\

\f0\b0 \
The two fleeing Imperial scouts have a good lead as Luke and Leia \
pursue through the giant trees at 200 miles an hour, the fire from \
their bike's laser cannon hitting harmlessly near the moving targets.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Move closer!\
\
Leia guns it, closing the gap, as the two scouts recklessly veer \
through a narrow gap in the trees. One of the bikes SCRAPES a tree, \
slowing the scout.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Get alongside that one!\
\
Leia pulls her speeder bike up so close to the scout's bike that their \
steering vanes SCRAPE noisily. Luke leaps from his bike to the back of \
the scout's, grabs the Imperial warrior around the neck, and flips him \
off the bike, into a thick tree trunk. Luke gains control of the bike \
and follows Leia, who has pulled ahead. They tear off after the \
remaining scout.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Get him!\
\
The speeding chase passes TWO MORE IMPERIAL SCOUTS. These two swing \
into pursuit, chasing Luke and Leia, firing away with their laser \
cannon. The two Rebels look behind them just as Luke's bike takes a \
glancing hit.\
\
LUKE	 (indicating the one ahead)\
Keep on that one! I'll take these two!\
\
With Leia shooting ahead, Luke suddenly slams his steering vanes into \
the braking mode. Luke's bike is a blur to the two pursuing scouts as \
they zip by him on either side. Luke slams his bike into forward and \
starts firing away, having switched places with his pursuers in a \
manner of seconds. Luke's aim is good and one scout's bike is blasted \
out of control. It explodes against a tree trunk.\
\
The scout's cohort takes one glance back at the flash and shifts into \
turbo drive, going even faster. Luke keeps on his tail.\
\
FAR AHEAD, Leia and the first scout are doing a highspeed slalom \
through the death-dealing trunks. Now Leia aims her bike skyward and \
rises out of sight.\
\
The scout turns in confusion, unable to see his pursuer. Suddenly, Leia \
dives down upon him from above, cannon blasting. The scout's bike takes \
a glancing hit.\
\
Leia moves in alongside him. The scout eyes her beside him, reaches \
down, and pulls out a handgun. Before Leia can react, the scout has \
blasted her bike, sending it out of control. Leia dives off as her bike \
explodes against a tree. The happy scout looks back at the explosion. \
But when he turns forward again, he is on a collision course with a \
giant fallen tree. He hits his brakes to no avail and disappears in a \
conflagration.\
\
ANOTHER PART OF THE FOREST: Luke and the last remaining scout continue \
their weaving chase through the trees. Now Luke moves up close. The \
scout responds by slamming his bike into Luke's. A fallen tree forms a \
bridge across their path. The scout zips under. Luke goes over the top \
and crashes his bike down on the scout's. Both riders look ahead - a \
wide trunk looms directly in Luke's path, but the scout's bike beside \
him makes it almost impossible for him to avoid it. Luke banks with all \
his might, leaning almost horizontal over the scout's bike, and is able \
to make it by, just clipping the tree. When he straightens, he and the \
scout discover that their two bikes have locked front vanes and are \
moving as one.\
\
Another big tree looms in Luke's path. He reacts instinctively and \
dives off his bike. The two bikes come apart a second before Luke's \
explodes against a tree. The scout sweeps out and circles back to find \
Luke.\
\
Luke rises from the undergrowth as the scout bears down on him and \
opens fire with his laser cannon. Luke ignites his laser sword and \
begins deflecting the bolts. The scout's bike keeps coming and it \
appears that in a second it will cut Luke in half. At the last instant, \
Luke steps aside and chops off the bike's control vanes with one mighty \
slash. The scout's bike begins to shudder, then, pitching and rolling, \
it rises up to slam directly into a tree in a giant ball of fire.\
\

\f1\b 66   EXT SCOUT CAMPSITE - FOREST\

\f0\b0 \
Han, Chewie, and the droids, along with the rest of the squad, wait \
anxiously in the clearing. Artoo's radar screen sticks out of his domed \
head and revolves, scanning the forest. He beeps.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Oh, General Solo, somebody's coming. Oh!\
\
Han, Chewie, and the rest of the squad raise their weapons.\
\
Luke steps out of the foliage to find the weapons trained on him. He's \
too tired to care. He plops himself down on a boulder and looks around.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Luke! Where's Leia?\
\
LUKE	 (concerned)\
What? She didn't come back?\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 I thought she was with you.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 We got separated.\
\
Luke and Han exchange a silent, grim look. Luke gets up wearily.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Hey, we better go look for her.\
\
Han nods, and signals to a Rebel officer.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Take the squad ahead.  We'll meet at the shield generator at 0300.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Come on, Artoo.  We'll need your scanners.\
\
Luke, Chewie, Han, and the droids move off in one direction as the \
squad proceeds in another.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Don't worry, Master Luke.  We know what to do.\
\
They move off into the woods.\
\
THREEPIO	 (to Artoo)\
And you said it was pretty here. Ugh!\
\

\f1\b 67   EXT FOREST CLEARING - LEIA'S CRASH SITE\

\f0\b0 \
A strange little furry face with huge black eyes comes slowly into \
view. The creature is an EWOK, by the name of WICKET. He seems somewhat \
puzzled, and prods Leia with a spear. The princess groans; this \
frightens the stubby ball of fuzz and he prods her again. Leia sits up \
and stares at the three-foot-high Ewok. She tries to figure out where \
she is and what has happened. Her clothes are torn; she's bruised and \
disheveled.\
\
The Ewok jumps up and grabs a four-foot-long spear, which he holds in a \
defensive position. Leia watches him as he circles warily and begins \
poking her with the sharp point of the spear.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Cut it out!\
\
She stands up, and the Ewok quickly backs away.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 I'm not gonna hurt you.\
\
Leia looks around at the dense forest, and at the charred remains of \
her speeder bike, then sits down, with a sigh, on a fallen log.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Well, looks like I'm stuck here. Trouble is, I don't know where here \
is.\
\
She puts her head in her hands to rub away some of the soreness from \
her fall. She looks over at the watchful little Ewok and pats the log \
beside her.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Well, maybe you can help me. Come on, sit down.\
\
Wicket holds his spear up warily and growls at her like a puppy. Leia \
pats the log again.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 I promise I won't hurt you. Now come here.\
\
More growls and squeaks from the little bear creature.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 All right. You want something to eat?\
\
She takes a scrap of food out of her pocket and offers it to him. \
Wicket takes a step backward, then cocks his head and moves cautiously \
toward Leia, chattering in his squeaky Ewok language.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 That's right. Come on. Hmmm?\
\
Sniffing the food curiously, the Ewok comes toward Leia and sits on the \
log beside her. She takes off her helmet, and the little creature jumps \
back, startled again. He runs along the log, pointing his spear at her \
and chattering a blue streak. Leia holds out the helmet to him.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Look, it's a hat. It's not gonna hurt you. Look. You're a jittery \
little thing, aren't you?\
\
Reassured, Wicket lowers his spear and climbs back on the log, coming \
to investigate the helmet. Suddenly his ears perk up and he begins to \
sniff the air. He looks around warily, whispering some Ewokese warning \
to Leia.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 What is it?\
\
Suddenly a laser bolt comes out of the foliage and explodes on the log \
next to Leia. Leia and Wicket both roll backwards off the log, hiding \
behind it. Leia holds her own laser gun ready, while Wicket disappears \
underneath the log. Another shot, and still no sight of anyone in the \
forest. Then Leia senses something and turns to find a large IMPERIAL \
SCOUT standing over her with his weapon pointed at her head. He reaches \
out his hand for her weapon.\
\
SCOUT #l\
Freeze!  Come on, get up!\
\
She hands the weapon over, as a second scout emerges from the foliage \
in front of the log.\
\

\f1\b SCOUT #1\

\f0\b0 Go get your ride and take her back to base.\
\

\f1\b SCOUT #2\

\f0\b0 Yes, sir.\
\
The second scout starts toward his bike, as Wicket, crouched under the \
log, extends his spear and hits the first scout on the leg. The scout \
jumps and lets out an exclamation, and looks down at Wicket, puzzled. \
Leia grabs a branch and knocks him out. She dives for his laser pistol, \
and the second scout, now on his bike, takes off. Leia fires away and \
hits the escaping bike, causing it to crash into the first scout's \
bike, which flies end over end and explodes. The forest is quiet once \
more. Wicket pokes his fuzzy head up from behind the log and regards \
Leia with\'canew respect. He mumbles his awe. Leia hurries over, looking \
around all the time, and motions the chubby little creature into the \
dense foliage.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Come on, let's get outta here.\
\
As they move into the foliage, Wicket takes the lead. He shrieks and \
tugs at Leia to follow him.\
\

\f1\b 68   INT DEATH STAR - CORRIDOR TO EMPEROR'S TOWER\

\f0\b0 \
Darth Vader walks down the corridor to the Emperor's Tower and private \
elevator. The Emperor's private guard steps in Vader's path.\
\

\f1\b GUARD\

\f0\b0 Halt! The Emperor does not wish to be disturbed at the moment.\
\

\f1\b VADER        \

\f0\b0 (raising his gloved hand to the two guards and choking them with the \
Force)\
The Emperor will see me, now!\
\

\f1\b GUARD\

\f0\b0 (repeating Vader's command)\
The Emperor will see you, now.\
\

\f1\b 69   INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM\

\f0\b0 \
Two red Imperial Guards stand watch at the elevator as the door opens \
to reveal Vader. Vader enters the eerie, foreboding throne room. It \
appears to be empty. His footsteps echo as he approaches the throne. He \
waits, absolutely still. The Emperor sits with his back to the Dark \
Lord.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 I told you to remain on the command ship.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 A small Rebel force has penetrated the shield and landed on Endor.\
\
EMPEROR	 (no surprise)\
Yes, I know.\
\
VADER	 (after a beat)\
My son is with them.\
\
EMPEROR	 (very cool)\
Are you sure?\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 I have felt him, my Master.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 Strange, that I have not. I wonder if your feelings on this matter are \
clear, Lord\
Vader.\
\
Vader knows what is being asked.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 They are clear, my Master.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 Then you must go to the Sanctuary Moon and wait for them.\
\
VADER	 (skeptical)\
He will come to me?\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 I have foreseen it. His compassion for you will be his undoing. He will \
come to you and\
then you will bring him before me.\
\
VADER	 (bows)\
As you wish.\
\
The Dark Lord strides out of the throne room.\
\

\f1\b 70   EXT FOREST CLEARING - LEIA'S CRASH SITE\

\f0\b0 \
Han, Luke, Chewie, and the two droids are spread out as they move \
through the heavy foliage near the clearing where we last saw Leia. \
Luke finds Leia's helmet, picks it up with an expression of concern.\
\

\f1\b HAN	 (OS)\

\f0\b0 Luke! Luke!\
\
Luke runs with the helmet to where Han has found the charred wreckage \
of a speeder bike in the grass.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Oh, Master Luke.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 There's two more wrecked speeders back there. And I found this.\
\
He tosses the helmet to Han.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 I'm afraid that Artoo's sensors can find no trace of Princess Leia.\
\
HAN	 (gravely)\
I hope she's alright.\
\
Chewbacca growls, sniffing the air, then, with a bark, pushes off \
through the foliage.\
\

\f1\b                               HAN\

\f0\b0 What, Chewie? What? Chewie!\
\
The others rush to keep up with the giant Wookiee. As he scoots along, \
Artoo whistles nervously.\
\

\f1\b 71   EXT FOREST - DENSE FOLIAGE\

\f0\b0 \
The group has reached a break in the undergrowth. Chewie walks up to a \
tall stake planted in the ground. There is a dead animal hanging from \
it.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Hey, I don't get it.\
\
The rest of the group joins the Wookiee around the stake.\
\
HAN	 (cont)\
Nah, it's just a dead animal, Chewie.\
\
Chewie can't resist. He reaches toward the meat.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Chewie, wa-wait!  Don't!\
\
Too late. The Wookiee has already pulled the animal from the stake. \
SPROOING! The group finds itself hanging upside down in an Ewok net, \
suspended high above the clearing. Artoo lets out a wild series of \
beeps and whistles, and Chewie howls his regret. Their bodies are a \
jumble in the net. Han removes a Wookiee paw from his mouth.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Nice work. Great, Chewie! Great! Always thinking with your stomach.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Will you take it easy? Let's just figure out a way to get out of this \
thing. \
(trying to free an arm) \
Han, can you reach my lightsaber?\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Yeah, sure.\
\
Artoo is at the bottommost point in the net. He extends his cutting \
appendage and begins slicing at the net. Han is trying to squeeze an \
arm past Threepio to get at Luke's lightsaber. The net continues to \
spin.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Artoo, I'm not sure that's such a good idea. It's a very long dro-o-\
op!!\
\
Artoo has cut through and the entire group tumbles out of the net, \
crashing to the ground. As they regain their senses and sit up, they \
realize they are surrounded by dozens of Ewoks, each brandishing a long \
spear.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Wha--?  Hey!  Point that thing someplace else.\
\
Han pushes the spear wielded by TEEBO out of his face and a second Ewok \
warrior comes up to argue with Teebo. The spear returns to Han's face. \
He grabs it angrily and starts to go for his laser pistol.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Hey!\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Han, don't. It'll be all right.\
\
The Ewoks swarm through them and confiscate their weapons. Luke lets \
them take his lightsaber. Chewie growls at the furry critters.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Chewie, give 'em your crossbow.\
\
Artoo and Threepio are just untangling themselves. Threepio gets free \
of the net and sits up, rattled.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Oh, my head. Oh, my goodness!\
\
When the Ewoks see Threepio, they let out a gasp and chatter among \
themselves. Threepio speaks to them in their native tongue. The Ewok \
nearest him drops his spear and prostrates himself before the droid. In \
a moment, all the Ewoks have followed suit. Chewie lets out a puzzled \
bark. Han and Luke regard the bowed creatures in wonder. The Ewoks \
begin to chant at Threepio.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Do you understand anything they're saying?\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Oh, yes, Master Luke!  Remember that I am fluent in over six million \
forms of\
communication.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 What are you telling them?\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Hello, I think... I could be mistaken. They're using a very primitive \
dialect.  But\
I do believe they think I am some sort of god.\
\
Chewbacca and Artoo think that's very funny. Han and Luke exchange \
"what next?" looks.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Well, why don't you use your divine influence and get us out of this?\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 I beg your pardon, General Solo, but that just wouldn't be proper.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Proper?!\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 It's against my programming to impersonate a deity.\
\
Han moves toward Threepio threateningly.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Why, you--\
\
Several Ewoks' spears are thrust in Han's face at the affront to their \
god. The Ewoks move in to protect their god and Han is surrounded by a \
menacing circle of spears, all aimed at him. He holds up his hands \
placatingly.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 My mistake. He's an old friend of mine.\
\

\f1\b 72   EXT FOREST - SERIES OF SHOTS\

\f0\b0 \
A procession of Ewoks winds through the ever-darkening forest. Their \
prisoners - Han, Luke, Chewie, and Artoo - are tied to long poles and \
wrapped in vines, cocoonlike.\
\
Each pole is carried on the shoulders of several Ewoks. Behind the \
captives, Threepio is carried on a litter, like a king, by the \
remaining creatures.\
\

\f1\b 73   EXT FOREST WALKWAY - MOON FOREST\

\f0\b0 \
The procession moves along a shaky, narrow, wooden walkway, high in the \
giant trees. It stops at the end of the walkway, which drops off into \
nothingness. On the other side of the abyss is a village of mud huts \
and rickety walkways, attached to the giant trees. The lead Ewok takes \
hold of a long vine and swings across to the village square; the other \
Ewoks follow suit.\
\

\f1\b 74   EXT EWOK VILLAGE SQUARE\

\f0\b0 \
The procession winds its way into the village square. Mother Ewoks \
gather their babies up and scurry into their huts at the sight of the \
newcomers. The group stops before the largest hut.\
\
Han, Luke, Chewie, and Artoo are still bound to their poles. Han is \
placed on a spit above what looks like a barbecue pit and the others \
are leaned against a tree nearby. Threepio's litter/throne is gently \
placed near the pit. He watches with rapt fascination. Han, Luke, and \
Chewie are less than fascinated.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 I have a really bad feeling about this.\
\
Chewie growls his concern.\
\
Suddenly all activity stops as LOGRAY, the tribal Medicine Man, comes \
out of the big hut. He examines the captives carefully, goes to join \
Threepio, whose throne has been placed on an elevated platform. A \
larger, gray-haired Ewok, CHIEF CHIRPA, is examining Luke's lightsaber \
with great curiosity.\
\
Logray speaks to Threepio and the assemblage of fuzzy Ewoks, pointing \
to the prisoners tied to the stakes. The Ewoks begin filling the pit \
under Han with firewood.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 What did he say?\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 I'm rather embarrassed, General Solo, but it appears you are to be the \
main course at a\
banquet in my honor.\
\
The drums start beating, and all the furry heads turn to the large hut. \
Leia emerges, wearing an animal-skin dress. She sees what's happening \
at the same moment the prisoners see her.\
\
HAN and LUKE\
Leia!\
\
As she moves toward them, the Ewoks block her way with raised spears.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Oh!\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Your Royal Highness.\
\
Artoo and Chewie chime in with their welcome. Leia looks at the \
assembled Ewoks and sighs.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 But these are my friends. Threepio, tell them they must be set free.\
\
Threepio talks to Chirpa and Logray, who listen and shake their heads \
negatively. The Medicine Man gestures toward the prisoners and barks \
some orders. Several Ewoks jump up and pile more wood on the barbecue \
with vigor. Leia trades frantic looks with Luke and Han .\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Somehow, I got the feeling that didn't help us very much.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Threepio, tell them if they don't do as you wish, you'll become angry \
and use your magic.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 But Master Luke, what magic? I couldn't possibly --\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Just tell them.\
\
Threepio speaks to the Ewoks. The Ewoks are disturbed. Logray steps \
forward and challenges Threepio. Luke closes his eyes and begins to \
concentrate.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 You see, Master Luke; they didn't believe me. Just...\
\
Now the litter/throne, with Threepio sitting upon it, rises from the \
ground. At first Threepio doesn't notice and keeps talking.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 ... as I said they wouldn't. Wha-wha-what's happening! Oh! Oh, dear! \
Oh!\
\
The Ewoks fall back in terror from the floating throne. Now Threepio \
begins to spin as though he were on a revolving stool, with Threepio \
calling out in total panic at his situation.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Put me down! He-e-elp! Master Luke! Artoo! Somebody, somebody, help! \
Master Luke, Artoo! Artoo, quickly! Do something, somebody! Oh! Ohhh!\
\
Chief Chirpa yells orders to the cowering Ewoks. They rush up and \
release the bound prisoners. Luke and Han enfold Leia in a group \
embrace. Luke notices the spinning Threepio, with Artoo beeping up at \
him, and slowly lowers the golden droid and the throne to the ground. \
Logray orders the little droid cut down. Artoo crashes to the ground. \
When the Ewoks set him upright, the little droid is fighting mad. Artoo \
beeps a blue streak at the nearest Ewok, and begins pursuing him, \
finally getting close enough to zap him with an electric charge. The \
Ewok jumps two feet in the air and runs away, screaming. A small group \
of Ewoks surround the giant Wookiee, scratching their heads and \
marveling at his height.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Oh, oh, oh, oh! Thank goodness.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Thanks, Threepio.\
\
THREEPIO	 (still shaken)\
I...I never knew I had it in me.\
\

\f1\b 75   INT CHIEF'S HUT - COUNCIL OF ELDERS\

\f0\b0 \
A glowing fire dances in the center of the spartan, low-ceilinged room, \
creating a kaleidoscope of shadows on the walls. Along one side, a \
group of ten Ewok elders flank Chief Chirpa, who sits on his throne. \
The Rebels sit along the walls of the hut, with Threepio between the \
two groups and Wicket and Teebo off to one side.\
\
Threepio is in the midst of a long, animated speech in the Ewok's \
squeaky native tongue. The Ewoks listen carefully and occasionally \
murmur comments to each other. Threepio points several times at the \
Rebel group and pantomimes a short history of the Galactic Civil War, \
mimicking the explosion and rocket sounds, imitating Imperial walkers. \
Throughout the long account, certain familiar names are distinguishable \
in English: Princess Leia, Artoo, Darth Vader, Death Star, Jedi, Obi-\
Wan Kenobi. Artoo begins beeping excitedly at Threepio.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Yes, Artoo. I was just coming to that.\
\
Threepio continues with: Millennium Falcon, Cloud City, Vader, Han \
Solo, carbonite, Sarlacc, bringing the history up to the present time.\
\
At the end of it, the Chief, Logray, and the elders confer, then nod in \
agreement. The Chief stands and makes a pronouncement.\
\
The drums begin to sound, and all the Ewoks stand with a great cheer \
and screeches.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 What's going on?\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 I don't know.\
\
Luke has been sharing the joy with smiling visage, but now something \
passes like a dark cloud through his consciousness. The others do not \
notice.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Wonderful! We are now a part of the tribe.\
\
Several of the little teddy bears run up and hug the Rebels.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Just what I always wanted.\
\
Chewbacca is being enthusiastically embraced by an Ewok, while Wicket \
clings to Han's leg.\
\
HAN	 (chuckles)\
Well, short help is better than no help at all, Chewie. \
(to Wicket) \
Thank you. Okay.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 He says the scouts are going to show us the quickest way to the shield \
generator.\
\
Chewie barks. Luke has drifted to the back of the hut. Now he wanders \
outside into the moonlight. Leia notices and follows.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Good. How far is it? Ask him. We need some fresh supplies, too. And try \
and get our weapons back.\
\
Han pulls Threepio back as he keeps trying to translate.\
\
HAN	 (cont)\
And hurry up, will ya? I haven't got all day.\
\

\f1\b 76   EXT EWOK VILLAGE - NIGHT\

\f0\b0 \
The walkway is deserted now. The windows of the little huts glow and \
flicker from the fires inside. The sounds of the forest fill the soft \
night air. Luke has wandered away from the Chief's hut and stands \
staring up at the Death Star. Leia finds him like that.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Luke, what's wrong?\
\
Luke turns and looks at her a long moment.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Leia... do you remember your mother? Your real mother?\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Just a little bit. She died when I was very young.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 What do you remember?\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Just...images, really. Feelings.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Tell me.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 (a little surprised at his insistence)\
She was very beautiful. Kind, but...sad.\
(looks up)\
Why are you asking me all this?\
\
He looks away.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 I have no memory of my mother. I never knew her.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Luke, tell me. What's troubling you?\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Vader is here...now, on this moon.\
\
LEIA	 (alarmed)\
How do you know?\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 I felt his presence. He's come for me. He can feel when I'm near. \
That's why I have to go.\
(facing her)\
As long as I stay, I'm endangering the group and our mission here.\
(beat)\
I have to face him.\
\
Leia is distraught, confused.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Why?\
\
Luke moves close and his manner is gentle. And very calm.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 He's my father.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Your father?\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 There's more. It won't be easy for you to hear it, but you must. If I \
don't make it back, you're the only hope for the Alliance.\
\
Leia is very disturbed by this. She moves away, as if to deny it.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Luke, don't talk that way. You have a power I--I don't understand and \
could never have.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 You're wrong, Leia. You have that power too. In time you'll learn to \
use it as I have. The Force is strong in my family. My father has \
it...I have it...and...my sister has it.\
\
Leia stares into his eyes. What she sees there frightens her. But she \
doesn't draw away. She begins to understand.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Yes. It's you Leia.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 I know. Somehow...I've always known.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Then you know why I have to face him.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 No! Luke, run away, far away. If he can feel your presence, then leave \
this place. I wish I could go with you.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 No, you don't. You've always been strong.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 But, why must you confront him?\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Because...there is good in him. I've felt it. He won't turn me over to \
the Emperor. I can save him. I can turn him back to the good side. I \
have to try.\
\
They hold each other close and look at each other, brother and sister.\
\
Leia holds back her tears as Luke slowly lets her go and moves away. He \
disappears onto the walkway that leads out of the village. Leia, bathed \
in moonlight, watches him go as Han comes out of the Chief's hut and \
comes over to her. Leia is crying, her body trembling. He realizes only \
now that she is crying.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Hey, what's goin' on?\
\
Leia attempts to stifle her sobs and wipes her eyes.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Nothing. I - just want to be alone for a little while.\
\
HAN	 (angry)\
Nothing?  Come on, tell me.  What's goin' on?\
\
She looks up at him, struggling to control herself.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 I...I can't tell you.\
\
HAN	 (loses his temper)\
Did you tell Luke? Is that who you could tell?\
\

\f1\b LEIA\
I...\

\f0\b0 \

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Ahhh...\
\
He starts to walk away, exasperated, then stops and walks back to her.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 I'm sorry.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Hold me.\
\
Han gathers her tightly in his protective embrace.\
\

\f1\b 77   EXT FOREST - IMPERIAL LANDING PLATFORM\

\f0\b0 \
An Imperial shuttle floats down from the Death Star and lands \
gracefully on the huge platform.\
\
Now, an Imperial walker approaches the platform from the darkness of \
the forest. The whole outpost - platform, walkers, military - looks \
particularly offensive in the midst of this verdant beauty.\
\

\f1\b 78   EXT IMPERIAL LANDING PLATFORM - LOWER DECK\

\f0\b0 \
Darth Vader walks down the ramp of the shuttle onto the platform, into \
an elevator, and appears on a ramp on a lower level. He walks toward \
another ramp exit and is met by two troopers and a commander with Luke, \
in binders, at their center. The young Jedi gazes at Vader with \
complete calm.\
\

\f1\b COMMANDER\

\f0\b0 This is a Rebel that surrendered to us. Although he denies it, I \
believe there may be more of them, and I request permission to conduct \
a further search of the area.\
\
The commander extends his hand, revealing Luke's lightsaber.\
\

\f1\b COMMANDER\

\f0\b0 He was armed only with this.\
\
Vader looks at Luke, turns away and faces the commander, taking the \
lightsaber from the commander's hand.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 Good work, Commander. Leave us. Conduct your search and bring his \
companions to me.\
\

\f1\b COMMANDER\

\f0\b0 Yes, my Lord.\
\
The officer and troops withdraw. Vader and Luke are left standing alone \
in the oddly tranquil beauty of the place. The sounds of the forest \
filter in upon them.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 The Emperor has been expecting you.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 I know, father.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 So, you have accepted the truth.\
\

\f1\b LURE\

\f0\b0 I've accepted the truth that you were once Anakin Skywalker, my father.\
\
VADER	 (turning to face him)\
That name no longer has any meaning for me.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 It is the name of your true self. You've only forgotten. I know there \
is good in you. The Emperor hasn't driven it from you fully. That is \
why you couldn't destroy me. That's why you won't bring me to your \
Emperor now.\
\
Vader looks down from Luke to the lightsaber in his own black- gloved \
hand. He seems to ponder Luke's words.\
\
VADER	 (indicating lightsaber)\
I see you have constructed a new lightsaber.\
\
Vader ignites the lightsaber and holds it to examine its humming, \
brilliant blade.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 Your skills are complete. Indeed, you are powerful, as the Emperor has \
foreseen.\
\
They stand for a moment, the Vader extinguishes the lightsaber.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Come with me.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 Obi-Wan once thought as you do.\
\
Luke steps close to Vader, then stops. Vader is still.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 You don't know the power of the dark side. I must obey my master.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 I will not turn...and you'll be forced to kill me.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 If that is your destiny.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Search your feelings, father. You can't do this. I feel the conflict \
within you. Let go\
of your hate.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 It is too late for me, son. The Emperor will show you the true nature \
of the Force. He is\
your master now.\
\
Vader signals to some distant stormtroopers. He and Luke stand staring \
at one another for a long moment.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Then my father is truly dead.\
\

\f1\b 79   EXT ENDOR - RIDGE OVERLOOKING SHIELD GENERATOR\

\f0\b0 \
Han, Leia, Chewbacca, the droids, Wicket, and another Ewok scout, \
PAPLOO, hide on a ridge overlooking the massive Imperial shield \
generator. At the base of the generator is an Imperial landing \
platform. Leia studies the installation.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 The main entrance to the control bunker's on the far side of that \
landing platform. This\
isn't gonna be easy.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Hey, don't worry. Chewie and me got into a lot of places more heavily \
guarded than this.\
\
Wicket and Paploo are chattering away in Ewok language. They speak to \
Threepio.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 What's he saying?\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 He says there's a secret entrance on the other side of the ridge.\
\

\f1\b 80   EXT SPACE - REBEL FLEET\

\f0\b0 \
The vast fleet hangs in space near a blue planet. A giant Rebel Star \
Cruiser is up at the front, but now the Millennium Flacon roars up to a \
spot ahead of it, tiny in comparison.\
\

\f1\b 81   INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f0\b0 \
Lando is in the pilot seat. His alien copilot, NIEN NUNB, takes some \
getting used to in the familiar environs of the Falcon's cockpit. Lando \
speaks into his comlink.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Admiral, we're in position. All fighters accounted for.\
\

\f1\b ACKBAR 	(VO)\

\f0\b0 Proceed with the countdown. All groups assume attack coordinates.\
\
Lando turns to his weird copilot.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Don't worry, my friends are down there. They'll have that shield down \
on time...\
(to himself) \
or this'll be the shortest offensive of all time.\
\
The copilot flips some switches and grunts an alien comment.\
\

\f1\b ACKBAR	 (VO)\

\f0\b0 All craft, prepare to jump to hyperspace on my mark.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 All right. Stand by.\
\
He pulls a lever, and the stars outside begin to streak.\
\

\f1\b 82   EXT SPACE - REBEL FLEET\

\f0\b0 \
We are treated to an awesome sight: first the Millennium Falcon, then \
Ackbar's Star Cruiser, then, in large segments, the huge fleet ROARS \
INTO HYPERSPACE. And disappears.\
\

\f1\b 83   EXT ENDOR - RIDGE OVERLOOKING CONTROL BUNKER\

\f0\b0 \
Han, Leia, Chewie, the droids, and their two Ewok guides, Wicket and \
Paploo, have reunited with the Rebel strike squad. The entire group is \
spread through the thick undergrowth. Below them is the BUNKER that \
leads into the generator. Four Imperial scouts, their speeder bikes \
parked nearby, keep watch over the bunker entrance. Chewie growls an \
observation, and Paploo chatters away to Han in Ewok language.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Back door, huh? Good idea.\
\
Wicket and Paploo continue their Ewok conversation.\
\
HAN	 (cont)\
It's only a few guards. This shouldn't be too much trouble.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Well, it only takes one to sound the alarm.\
\
HAN	 (with self-confident grin)\
Then we'll do it real quiet-like.\
\
Threepio explains what is going on to Wicket and Paploo. The Ewoks \
chatter a moment between themselves. Then Paploo jumps up and scampers \
into the underbrush.\
\
Threepio asks Wicket where Paploo went and is given a short reply.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Oh! Oh, my. Uh, Princess Leia!\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Quiet.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 I'm afraid our furry companion has gone and done something rather rash.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Oh, no.\
\

\f1\b 84   EXT BUNKER - ENTRANCE\

\f0\b0 \
Paploo has slipped out of the undergrowth near where the Imperial \
scouts are lounging. He silently swings his furry ball of a body onto \
one of the scout's speeder bikes and begins flipping switches at \
random. Suddenly, the bike's engine fires up with a tremendous ROAR. \
Paploo grins and continues flipping switches. The scouts leap up in \
surprise.\
\

\f1\b 85   EXT RIDGE\

\f0\b0 \
Han, Leia and company watch in distress. Chewie barks.\
\
HAN 	(sighs)\
There goes our surprise attack.\
\

\f1\b 86   EXT BUNKER\

\f0\b0 \
The Imperial scouts race toward Paploo just as his speeder zooms into \
motion. Paploo hangs on by his paws and shoots away into the forest.\
\

\f1\b SCOUT\

\f0\b0 Look! Over there! Stop him!\
\
Three of the Imperial scouts jump on their rocket bikes and speed away \
in pursuit. The fourth watches them go from his post at the door.\
\

\f1\b 87   EXT RIDGE\

\f0\b0 \
Han, Leia, and Chewie exchange delighted looks.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Not bad for a little furball. There's only one left. You stay here. \
We'll take care of this.\
\
Han and the Wookiee nod at each other and slip down toward the bunker. \
Threepio moves to stand next to Wicket and Artoo.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 I have decided that we shall stay here.\
\

\f1\b 88   EXT FOREST\

\f0\b0 \
Paploo sails through the trees, more lucky than in control. It's scary, \
but he loves it. When the Imperial scouts pull within sight behind him \
and begin firing laser bolts, he decides he's had enough. As he rounds \
a tree, out of their sight, Paploo grabs a vine and swings up into the \
trees. A moment later, the scouts tear under him in pursuit of the \
still-flying, unoccupied bike.\
\

\f1\b 89   EXT BUNKER\

\f0\b0 \
Han sneaks up behind the remaining Imperial scout, taps him on the \
shoulder and lets the scout chase him behind the bunker into the arms \
of the waiting Rebel strike team. Han returns to the front, and taps \
out a pattern on the bunker door's control panel. Everyone stands out \
of sight, police-style, as the door opens. Han and Leia peek inside. No \
sign of life. The group enters the bunker silently, leaving one lookout \
behind.\
\

\f1\b 90   INT DEATH STAR - EMPEROR'S THRONE ROOM\

\f0\b0 \
The elevator opens. Vader and Luke enter the room alone. They walk \
across the dark space to stand before the throne, father and son side \
by side beneath the gaze of the Emperor. Vader bows to his Master.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 Welcome, young Skywalker. I have been expecting you.\
\
Luke peers at the hooded figure defiantly. The Emperor then looks down \
at Luke's binders.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 You no longer need those.\
\
The Emperor motions ever so slightly with his finger and Luke's binders \
fall away, clattering to the floor. Luke looks down at his own hands, \
free now to reach out and grab the Emperor's neck. He does nothing.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 Guards, leave us.\
\
The red-cloaked guards turn and disappear behind the elevator.\
\
EMPEROR	 (to Luke)\
I'm looking forward to completing your training. In time you will call \
me Master.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 You're gravely mistaken. You won't convert me as you did my father.\
\
The Emperor gets down from his throne and walks up very close to Luke. \
The Emperor looks into his eyes and, for the first time, Luke can \
perceive the evil visage within the hood.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 Oh, no, my young Jedi. You will find that it is you who are \
mistaken...about a great many things.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 His lightsaber.\
\
Vader extends a gloved hand toward the Emperor, revealing Luke's \
lightsaber. The Emperor takes it.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 Ah, yes, a Jedi's weapon. Much like your father's. By now you must know \
your father can never be turned from the dark side. So will it be with \
you.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 You're wrong. Soon I'll be dead...and you with me.\
\
The Emperor laughs.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 Perhaps you refer to the imminent attack of your Rebel fleet.\
\
Luke looks up sharply.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 Yes...I assure you we are quite safe from your friends here.\
\
Vader looks at Luke.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Your overconfidence is your weakness.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 Your faith in your friends is yours.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 It is pointless to resist, my son.\
\
The Emperor turns to face Luke.\
\
EMPEROR	 (angry)\
Everything that has transpired has done so according to my design. \
(indicates Endor)\
Your friends up there on the Sanctuary Moon...\
\
Luke reacts. The Emperor notes it.\
\
EMPEROR	 (cont)\
...are walking into a trap. As is your Rebel fleet! It was I who \
allowed the Alliance to know the location of the shield generator. It \
is quite safe from your pitiful little band. An entire legion of my \
best troops awaits them.\
\
Luke's look darts from the Emperor to Vader and, finally, to the sword \
in the Emperor's hand.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 Oh...I'm afraid the deflector shield will be quite operational when \
your friends arrive.\
\

\f1\b 91   INT BUNKER - MAIN CONTROL ROOM\

\f0\b0 \
Han, Leia, Chewie, and the Rebel strike team storm through a door and \
enter the main control room, taking all of the personnel prisoner.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 All right! Up! Move! Come on! Quickly! Quickly, Chewie.\
\
The Rebel troops herd the generator controllers away from their panels. \
Leia glances at one of the screens on the control panel.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Han! Hurry! The fleet will be here any moment.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Charges!  Come on, come on!\
\
Outside, Threepio watches nervously in the bushes as several more \
controllers and stormtroopers run into the bunker, leaving guards at \
the door.\
\
THREEPIO	 (to Wicket)\
Oh, my! They'll be captured!\
\
Wicket chatters in Ewok language, and then takes off full steam into \
the forest.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Wa-wait! Wait, come back! Artoo, stay with me.\
\
Inside the bunker, Han looks up from setting charges as an Imperial \
commander enters.\
\

\f1\b COMMANDER\

\f0\b0 Freeze! You Rebel scum.\
\
Han and Leia spin, to find dozens of Imperial weapons trained on them \
and their cohorts. A poised force of Imperial troops surround them. \
Even more pour into the room, roughly disarming the Rebel contingent. \
Han, Leia, and Chewie exchange looks. They're helpless.\
\

\f1\b 92   EXT SPACE - ENDOR, DEATH STAR, REBEL FLEET\

\f0\b0 \
The Death Star and its Sanctuary Moon hang distant in space as the \
Rebel fleet comes out of hyperspace with an awesome roar. The \
Millennium Falcon and several Rebel fighters are at the front as the \
space armada bears down on its target.\
\

\f1\b 93   INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f0\b0 \
Lando flips switches, checks his screen, and speaks into the radio.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 All wings report in.\
\

\f1\b WEDGE\

\f0\b0 Red Leader standing by.\
\

\f1\b GRAY LEADER\

\f0\b0 Gray Leader standing by.\
\

\f1\b GREEN LEADER\

\f0\b0 Green Leader standing by.\
\

\f1\b WEDGE\

\f0\b0 Lock S-foils in attack positions.\
\

\f1\b 94   INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE\

\f0\b0 \
From the bridge of the Rebel Headquarters Frigate, Admiral Ackbar \
watches the fighters massing outside his viewscreen.\
\

\f1\b ACKBAR\

\f0\b0 May the Force be with us.\
\

\f1\b 95   INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f0\b0 \
Lando looks worriedly at his alien copilot, Nien Nunb, who points to \
the control panel and talks to Lando.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 We've got to be able to get some kind of a reading on that shield, up \
or down. Well, how\
could they be jamming us if they don't know if we're coming.\
\
Lando shoots a concerned look out at the approaching Death Star as the \
implications of what he's just said sink in. He hits a switch on his \
comlink.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Break off the attack! The shield is still up.\
\

\f1\b RED LEADER	 (VO)\

\f0\b0 I get no reading. Are you sure?\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Pull up! All craft pull up!\
\
The Falcon turns hard to the left. Out the window the stars and the \
Death Star move off right.\
\

\f1\b 96   EXT SPACE - DEATH STAR SHIELD\

\f0\b0 \
The Falcon and the fighters of Red Squad veer off desperately to avoid \
the unseen wall.\
\

\f1\b 97   INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE\

\f0\b0 \
Alarms are screaming and lights flashing as the huge ship changes \
course abruptly. Other ships in the fleet shoot by outside as the \
armada tries to halt its forward momentum.\
\

\f1\b ACKBAR\

\f0\b0 Take evasive action! Green Group, stick close to holding sector MV-7.\
\
A Mon Calamari controller turns away from his screen and calls out to \
Ackbar, quite excited. The Admiral rushes over to the controller.\
\

\f1\b CONTROLLER\

\f0\b0 Admiral, we have enemy ships in sector 47.\
\
On the screen can be seen the moon, Death Star, and the massive \
Imperial fleet. Ackbar moves to the comlink.\
\

\f1\b ACKBAR\

\f0\b0 It's a trap!\
\
LANDO	 (over comlink)\
Fighters coming in.\
\
There is much excitement on the bridge as the attack begins.\
\
The Millennium Falcon and several squads of Rebel fighters head into an \
armada of TIE fighters. The sky explodes as a fierce dogfight ensues in \
and around the giant Rebel cruisers.\
\

\f1\b REBEL PILOT\

\f0\b0 There's too many of them!\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Accelerate to attack speed! Draw their fire away from the cruisers.\
\

\f1\b WEDGE\

\f0\b0 Copy, Gold Leader.\
\
The battle continues around the giant cruisers.\
\

\f1\b 98   INT DEATH STAR - EMPEROR'S THRONE ROOM\

\f0\b0 \
Through the round window behind the Emperor's throne can be seen the \
distant flashes of the space battle in progress.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 Come, boy. See for yourself.\
\
The Emperor is sitting in his throne, with Vader standing at his side. \
Luke moves to look through a small section of the window.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 From here you will witness the final destruction of the Alliance, and \
the end of your insignificant Rebellion.\
\
Luke is in torment. He glances at his lightsaber sitting on the armrest \
of the throne. The Emperor watches him and smiles, touches the \
lightsaber.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 You want this, don't you? The hate is swelling in you now. Take your \
Jedi weapon. Use it. I am unarmed. Strike me down with it. Give in to \
your anger. With each passing moment, you make yourself more my \
servant.\
\
Vader watches Luke in his agony.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 No!\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 It is unavoidable. It is your destiny. You, like your father, are now \
mine!\
\

\f1\b 99   EXT FOREST - GENERATOR BUNKER\

\f0\b0 \
Han, Leia, Chewie, and the rest of the strike team are led out of the \
bunker by their captors. The surrounding area, deserted before, is now \
crowded with two-legged Imperial walkers and hundreds of Imperial \
troops. The situation looks hopeless.\
\

\f1\b STORMTROOPER\

\f0\b0 All right, move it! I said move it! Go on!\
\
From the undergrowth beyond the clearing comes a wild series of beeps \
and whistles. \
And --\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Hello! I say, over there! Were you looking for me?\
\

\f1\b BUNKER COMMANDER\

\f0\b0 Bring those two down here!\
\

\f1\b STORMTROOPER\

\f0\b0 Let's go!\
\
Artoo and Threepio are standing near one of the big trees. As six \
Imperial stormtroopers rush over to take them captive, the two droids \
duck out of sight behind the tree.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Well, they're on their way. Artoo, are you sure this was a good idea?\
\

\f1\b STORMTROOPER\

\f0\b0 Freeze! Don't move!\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 We surrender.\
\
The stormtroopers come around the tree and find the two droids waiting \
quietly to be taken. As the Imperial troops move to do that, however, a \
band of Ewoks drops down from above and overpowers them.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Ohhh! Stand back, Artoo.\
\
In a nearby tree, an Ewok raises a horn to his lips and sounds the EWOK \
ATTACK CALL. All hell breaks loose as hundreds of Ewoks throw their \
fuzzy bodies into the fray against the assembled stormtroopers and \
their awesome two-legged walkers. Biker scouts dart about blasting \
Ewoks, only to be crushed by a volley of rocks tossed by Ewoks from the \
trees above.\
\
In the confusion of the battle, Han and Leia break away and dive for \
the cover of the bunker door as explosions erupt around them. Han goes \
to the bunker door control panel.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 The code's changed. We need Artoo!\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Here's the terminal.\
\
LEIA	 (into comlink)\
Artoo, where are you? We need you at the bunker right away.\
\
Artoo and Threepio are hiding behind a log as the battle ragesaround \
them. Suddenly the stubby little astrodroid lets out a series of \
whistles and shoots off across the battlefield. Threepio, panicked, \
runs after him.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Going? What do you mean, you're going. But-- but going where, Artoo? \
No, what! Artoo! Oh, this is no time for heroics. Come back!\
\
Biker scouts race around and over the two droids, blasting away at the \
little Ewoks as the furries scurry for cover.\
\
A group of Ewoks have moved a primitive catapult into position. They \
fire off a large boulder that hits one of the walkers. The walker turns \
and heads for the catapult, blasting away with both guns. The Ewoks \
abandon their weapons and flee in all directions. Just as the walker \
moves in to stomp the catapult, Ewoks drop vines restraining two huge \
logs that swing down and smash thewalker's head flat.\
\
A line of Ewoks hang desperately to a vine that is hooked to a walker's \
foot. As the walker moves along, the fuzzy creatures are dragged \
behind.\
\
Two speeder bikes chase Ewoks through the underbrush. As the scouts \
round a tree, they are knocked off their bikes by a vinetied between \
two trees.\
\

\f1\b 100  EXT SPACE\

\f0\b0 \
The Falcon and other Rebel fighters are engaged in a ferocious combat \
with Imperial TIE fighters, the battle raging around thecruisers of the \
Rebel armada.\
\

\f1\b 101  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f0\b0 Lando is in radio communication with the pilots of the other Rebel \
squads.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Watch yourself, Wedge! Three from above!\
\

\f1\b WEDGE\

\f0\b0 Red Three, Red Two, pull in!\
\

\f1\b RED TWO\

\f0\b0 Got it!\
\

\f1\b RED THREE\

\f0\b0 Three of them coming in, twenty degrees!\
\

\f1\b WEDGE\

\f0\b0 Cut to the left! I'll take the leader! They're heading for the medical \
frigate.\
\
Lando steers the Falcon through a complete flip, as his crew fires at \
the TIEs from the belly guns.\
\

\f1\b NAVIGATOR\

\f0\b0 Pressure's steady.\
\
The copilot Nien Nunb chatters an observation.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Only the fighters are attacking.  I wonder what those Star Destroyers \
are waiting for.\
\

\f1\b 102  EXT SPACE - IMPERIAL FLEET  \

\f0\b0 \
The giant Imperial Star Destroyer waits silently some distance from the \
battle. The Emperor's huge Super Star Destroyer rests in the middle of \
the fleet.\
\

\f1\b 103  INT SUPER STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE\

\f0\b0 \
Admiral Piett and two fleet commanders watch the battle at the huge \
window of the Super Star Destroyer bridge.\
\

\f1\b COMMANDER\

\f0\b0 We're in attack position now, sir.\
\

\f1\b PIETT\

\f0\b0 Hold here.\
\

\f1\b COMMANDER\

\f0\b0 We're not going to attack?\
\

\f1\b PIETT\

\f0\b0 I have my orders from the Emperor himself. He has something special \
planned for them. We only need to keep them from escaping.\
\

\f1\b 104  INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM\

\f0\b0 \
The Emperor, Vader, and a horrified Luke watch the aerial battle \
fireworks out the window and on the viewscreens. Another Rebel ship \
explodes against the protective shield.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 As you can see, my young apprentice, your friends have failed. Now \
witness the firepower of this fully armed and operational battle \
station.\
(into comlink)\
Fire at will, Commander.\
\
Luke, in shock, looks out across the surface of the Death Star to the \
Rebel fleet beyond.\
\

\f1\b 105  INT DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM\

\f0\b0 \
Controllers pull back on several switches. Commander Jerjerrod stands \
over them.\
\

\f1\b JERJERROD\

\f0\b0 Fire!\
\

\f1\b 106  INT DEATH STAR - BLAST CHAMBER\

\f0\b0 \
A button is pressed, which switches on a panel of lights. A hooded \
Imperial soldier reaches overhead and pulls a lever. A huge beam of \
light emanates from a long shaft. Two stormtroopers stand to one side \
at a control panel.\
\

\f1\b 107  EXT DEATH STAR\

\f0\b0 \
The giant laser dish on the completed half of the Death Star begins to \
glow; Then a powerful beams shoots out toward the aerial battle.\
\

\f1\b 108  EXT SPACE - AIR BATTLE\

\f0\b0 \
The air is thick with giant ships. In among them, Rebel X-wings \
dogfight with Imperial TIE fighters. Now an enormous Rebel cruiser is \
hit by the Death Star beam and is blown to dust.\
\
The Millennium Falcon roars over CAMERA, followed closely byseveral TIE \
fighters.\
\

\f1\b 109  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f0\b0 \
The ship is buffeted by the tremendous explosion of the Rebel cruiser. \
Lando and his copilot are stunned by the sight of the Death Star \
firepower.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 That blast came from the Death Star! That thing's operational! \
(into comlink)\
Home One, this is Gold Leader.\
\

\f1\b 110  INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE\

\f0\b0 \
Ackbar stands amid the confusion on the wide bridge and speaks into the \
comlink.\
\

\f1\b ACKBAR\

\f0\b0 We saw it. All craft prepare to retreat.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 You won't get another chance at this, Admiral.\
\

\f1\b ACKBAR\

\f0\b0 We have no choice, General Calrissian. Our cruisers can't repel \
firepower of that magnitude.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Han will have that shield down. We've got to give him more time.\
\

\f1\b 111  EXT FOREST - GENERATOR BUNKER\

\f0\b0 \
Artoo and Threepio make it to the door, as Han and Leia provide cover \
fire.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 We're coming!\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Come on! Come on!\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Oh, Artoo, hurry!\
\
The little droid moves to the terminal and plugs in his computer arm. A \
large explosion hits near Artoo, knocking him head over heels, finally \
landing on his feet. The stubby astrodroid's head is spinning and \
smoldering. Suddenly there is a loud SPROOING and Han and Leia turn \
around to see Artoo with all his compartment doors open, and all of his \
appendages sticking out; water and smoke spurt out of the nozzles in \
his body. Han rushes to the terminal, as Threepio rushes to his wounded \
companion.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 My goodness! Artoo, why did you have to be so brave?\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Well, I suppose I could hotwire this thing.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 I'll cover you.\
\
Ewoks in handmade, primitive hanggliders drop rocks onto the \
stormtroopers, divebombing their deadly adversaries.  One is hit in the \
wing with laser fire and crashes. A walker lumbers forward, shooting \
laser blasts at frantic Ewoks running in all directions.  Two Ewoks are \
struck down by laser blasts.  One tries to awaken his friend, then \
realizes that he is dead.\
\

\f1\b 112  EXT SPACE - DEATH STAR\

\f0\b0 \
The Rebel fleet continues to be picked off, from one side by the Death \
Star's deadly beam, from the other by the rampaging Imperial Star \
Destroyers.\
\

\f1\b 113  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f0\b0 \
Lando steers the Falcon wildly through an obstacle course of floating \
giants. He's been yelling into the comlink.\
\
LANDO	 (desperately)\
Yes! I said closer! Move as close as you can and engage those Star \
Destroyers at point-\
blank range.\
\

\f1\b ACKBAR\

\f0\b0 At that close range, we won't last long against those Star Destroyers.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 We'll last longer then we will against that Death Star...and we might \
just take a few of\
them with us.\
\
The Rebel cruisers move very close to the Imperial Star Destroyers and \
begin to blast away at point-blank range. Tiny fighters race across the \
giant surfaces, against a backdrop of laser fire.\
\
The control tower of a Star Destroyer is under attack.\
\

\f1\b REBEL PILOT\

\f0\b0 She's gonna blow!\
\

\f1\b Y-WING PILOT\

\f0\b0 I'm hit!\
\
The damaged Y-wing plummets toward the Star Destroyer, and crashes into \
the control tower, exploding.\
\

\f1\b 114  INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM\

\f0\b0 \
Out of the window and on the view screens, the Rebel fleet is being \
decimated in blinding explosions of light and debris. But in here there \
is no sound of battle. The Emperor turns to Luke.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 Your fleet has lost. And your friends on the Endor moon will not \
survive. There is no escape, my young apprentice. The Alliance will \
die...as will your friends.\
\
Luke's eyes are full of rage. Vader watches him.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 Good. I can feel your anger. I am defenseless.  Take your weapon! \
Strike me down with all your hatred, and your journey towards the dark \
side will be complete.\
\
Luke can resist no longer. The lightsaber flies into his hand. He \
ignites it in an instant and swings at the Emperor. Vader's lightsaber \
flashes into view, blocking Luke's blow before it can reach the \
Emperor. The two blades spark at contact. Luke turns to fight his \
father.\
\

\f1\b 115  EXT FOREST\

\f0\b0 \
The battle rages on. Stormtroopers fire on Ewoks with sophisticated \
weapons while their furry little adversaries sneak up behind the \
Imperial troopers and bash them over the head with large clubs.\
\
A walker marches through the undergrowth blasting Ewoks as it goes. An \
Ewok warrior gives the signal, and a pile of logs is cut loose. The \
logs tumble under the walker's feet, causing it to slip and slide until \
it finally topples over with a great crash.\
\
A scout bike races past and is lassoed with a heavy vine. The other end \
of the vine is tied to a tree, and the bike swings around in ever-\
tightening circles until it runs out of rope and\
crashes into the trees with a huge explosion.\
\
Chewie swings on a vine to the roof of one of the walkers. Two Ewoks \
cling to him. They land with a thud on the top of the lurching machine, \
then hang on for dear life. One of the Ewoks peeks through the window.\
\

\f1\b WALKER PILOT #1\

\f0\b0 Look!\
\

\f1\b PILOT #2\

\f0\b0 Get him off of there!\
\
The walker pilot opens the hatch to see what's going on. He is yanked \
out and tossed overboard before he can scream. The two Ewoks jump into \
the cockpit and knock the second pilot unconscious. The Ewoks are \
thrown violently as the mighty machine careens out of control. Outside, \
Chewie is almost knocked overboard; he sticks his head into the hatch \
with a series of angry barks. The Ewoks are too busy and frightened to \
listen to the Wookiee's complaint. Chewie slips inside the walker.\
\
Chewbacca's walker moves through the forest, firing laser blasts at \
unsuspecting stormtroopers, and destroying other Imperial walkers. The \
Ewoks shout and cheer as the giant machine helps turn the tide of the \
battle in their favor.\
\

\f1\b 116  EXT FOREST - GENERATOR BUNKER\

\f0\b0 \
Han works furiously at the control panel; wires spark as he attempts to \
hotwire the door. He motions to Leia, who is blasting away at some \
stormtroopers.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 I think I got it. I got it!\
\
The three wires spark as the connection is made. With a LOUD WHOOSH, a \
second blast door crashes down in front of the first.\
\
Han frowns and turns back to the wires again. Leia exchanges shots with \
stormtroopers in the bushes, then suddenly cries out in pain, her \
shoulder hit by a laser blast.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Oh, Princess Leia, are you all right?\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Let's see.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 It's not bad.\
\

\f1\b STORMTROOPER	 (OS)\

\f0\b0 Freeze!\
\
They freeze.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 Oh, dear.\
\

\f1\b STORMTROOPER\

\f0\b0 Don't move!\
\
Leia holds her laser gun ready, behind Han, out of view of the two \
stormtroopers moving toward them. Han and Leia's eyes lock; the moment \
seems suspended in time.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 I love you.\
\
Another shared look between them, as she smiles up at Han.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 I know.\
\

\f1\b STORMTROOPER\

\f0\b0 Hands up! Stand up!\
\
Han stands up slowly and turns, revealing the gun in Leia's hand. She \
disposes of the stormtroopers in a flash. As Han turns back toward \
Leia, he looks up to see a giant walker approach and stand before him, \
its deadly weapons aimed right at him.\
\
HAN	 (to Leia)\
Stay back.\
\
The hatch on top of the walker opens and Chewie sticks his head out and \
barks triumphantly.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Chewie!  Get down here!  She's wounded!  No, wait....  I got an idea.\
\

\f1\b 117  INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM\

\f0\b0 \
Luke and Vader are engaged in a man-to-man duel of lightsabers even \
more vicious then the battle on Bespin. But the young Jedi has grown \
stronger in the interim, and now the advantage shifts to him. Vader is \
forced back, losing his balance, and is knocked down the stairs. Luke \
stands at the top of the stairs, ready to attack.\
\
EMPEROR (laughing)\
Good.  Use your aggressive feelings, boy!  Let the hate flow through \
you.\
\
Luke looks momentarily toward the Emperor, then back to Vader, and \
realizes he is using the dark side. He steps back, turns off his \
lightsaber, and relaxes, driving the hate from his being.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 Obi-Wan has taught you well.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 I will not fight you, father.\
\
Vader walks back up the stairs to Luke.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 You are unwise to lower your defenses.\
\
Vader attacks, forcing Luke on the defensive. The young Jedi leaps in \
an amazing reverse flip up to the safety of the catwalk overhead. Vader \
stands below him.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Your thoughts betray you, father. I feel the good in you...the \
conflict.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 There is no conflict.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 You couldn't bring yourself to kill me before, and I don't believe \
you'll destroy me\
now.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 You underestimate the power of the dark side. If you will not fight, \
then you will meet\
your destiny.\
\
Vader throws the laser sword and it cuts through the supports holding \
the catwalk, then returns to Vader's hand. Luke tumbles to the ground \
in a shower of sparks and rolls out of sight under the Emperor's \
platform. Vader moves to find him.\
\
EMPEROR	 (laughs)\
Good.  Good.\
\

\f1\b 118  EXT SPACE - AIR BATTLE\

\f0\b0 \
The two armadas, like their sea-bound ancestors, blast away at each \
other in individual point-blank confrontations. A Star Destroyer \
explodes. The Rebel victor limps away, its back half alive with a \
series of minor explosions. The Rebel cruiser manages to move in next \
to a second Star Destroyer before it explodes completely, taking the \
Imperial Star Destroyer with it. The Falcon and several fighters attack \
one of the larger Imperial ships.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Watch out. Squad at .06.\
\

\f1\b REBEL PILOT\

\f0\b0 I'm on it, Gold Leader.\
\

\f1\b WEDGE\

\f0\b0 Good shot, Red Two.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Now...come on, Han, old buddy. Don't let me down.\
\

\f1\b 119  INT BUNKER - CONTROL ROOM\

\f0\b0 \
Controllers watch the main viewscreen on which a vague figure of an \
Imperial walker pilot can be seen. There is a great deal of static and \
interference.\
\

\f1\b HAN/PILOT	 (VO)\

\f0\b0 It's over, Commander. The Rebels have been routed. They're fleeing into \
the woods. We\
need reinforcements to continue the pursuit.\
\
The controllers cheer.\
\

\f1\b CONTROL ROOM COMMANDER\

\f0\b0 Send three squads to help. Open the back door.\
\

\f1\b SECOND COMMANDER\

\f0\b0 Yes, sir.\
\

\f1\b 120  EXT FOREST - GENERATOR BUNKER\

\f0\b0 \
As the door to the bunker opens and the Imperial troops rush out, \
they're surprised to find themselves surrounded by Rebels, their \
weapons pointed at them. Ewoks holding bows and arrows appear on the \
roof of the bunker. The Imperial troops throw down their guns\
as Han and Chewie rush inside the bunker with explosive charges.\
\

\f1\b 121  INT BUNKER - CONTROL ROOM\

\f0\b0 \
Han, Chewie, and several troops rush into the control room and plant \
explosive charges on the control panels and rush out.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Throw me another charge.\
\

\f1\b 122  INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM\

\f0\b0 \
Vader stalks the low-ceilinged area on the level below the throne, \
searching for Luke in the semi-darkness, his lightsaber held ready.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 You cannot hide forever, Luke.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 I will not fight you.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 Give yourself to the dark side. It is the only way you can save your \
friends. Yes, your\
thoughts betray you. Your feelings for them are strong. Especially \
for...\
\
Vader stops and senses something. Luke shuts his eyes tightly, in \
anguish.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 Sister! So...you have a twin sister. Your feelings have now betrayed \
her, too. Obi-Wan\
was wise to hide her from me. Now his failure is complete. If you will \
not turn to the dark\
side, then perhaps she will.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Never-r-r!\
\
Luke ignites his lightsaber and screams in anger, rushing at hisfather \
with a frenzy we have not seen before. Sparks fly as Luke and Vader \
fight in the cramped area. Luke's hatred forces Vader to retreat out of \
the low area and across a bridge overlooking a vast elevator shaft. \
Each stroke of Luke's sword drives his father further toward defeat.\
\
The Dark Lord is knocked to his knees, and as he raises his sword to \
block another onslaught, Luke slashes Vader's right hand off at the \
wrist, causing metal and electronic parts to fly from the mechanical \
stump. Vader's sword clatters uselessly away, over the\
edge of the platform and into the bottomless shaft below. Luke moves \
over Vader and holds the blade of his sword to the Dark Lord's throat. \
The Emperor watches with uncontrollable, pleased agitation.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 Good! Your hate has made you powerful. Now, fulfill your destiny and \
take your father's\
place at my side!\
\
Luke looks at his father's mechanical hand, then to his own mechanical, \
black-gloved hand, and realizes how much he is becoming like his \
father. He makes the decision for which he has spent a lifetime in \
preparation. Luke steps back and hurls his lightsaber away.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Never! I'll never turn to the dark side. You've failed, Your Highness. \
I am a Jedi,\
like my father before me.\
\
The Emperor's glee turns to rage.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 So be it...Jedi.\
\

\f1\b 123  EXT FOREST - GENERATOR BUNKER\

\f0\b0 \
Han and several of the fighters run out of the bunker and race across \
the clearing.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 Move! Move!\
\
A shock wave knocks them flat as the bunker explodes, followed by a \
spectacular display as the huge shield-generator radar dish explodes \
along with the bunker.\
\

\f1\b 124  INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE\

\f0\b0 \
Ackbar, sitting in his control chair, speaks into the radio.\
\

\f1\b ACKBAR\

\f0\b0 The shield is down! Commence attack on theDeath Star's main reactor.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 We're on our way. Red Group, Gold Group, all fighters follow me. \
(laughs)\
Told you they'd do it!\
\
The Falcon, followed by several smaller Rebel fighters, heads toward \
the unfinished superstructure of the Death Star.\
\

\f1\b 125  INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM\

\f0\b0 \
Luke stands still, as the Emperor reaches the bottom of thestairs. The \
Emperor's laughter has turned to anger. He raises his arms toward Luke.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 If you will not be turned, you will be destroyed.\
\
Blinding bolts of energy, evil lightning, shoot from the Emperor's \
hands at Luke. Even in his surprise, the young Jedi tries to use the \
Force to deflect them. At first he is half successful, but after a \
moment the bolts of energy are coming with such speed and power the \
young Jedi shrinks before them, his knees buckling. The wounded Vader \
struggles to his feet, and moves to stand at his master's side.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 Young fool...only now, at the end, do you understand.\
\
Luke is almost unconscious beneath the continuing assault of the \
Emperor's lightning. He clutches a canister to keep from falling into \
the bottomless shaft as the bolts tear through him.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 Your feeble skills are no match for the power of the dark side. You \
have paid the price for\
your lack of vision.\
\
Luke writhes on the floor in unbearable pain, reaching weakly up toward \
where Vader stands watching.\
\
LUKE	 (groans)\
Father, please. Help me.\
\
Again Vader stands, watching Luke. He looks at his master, the Emperor, \
then back to Luke on the floor.\
\

\f1\b EMPEROR\

\f0\b0 Now, young Skywalker...you will die.\
\
Although it would not have seemed possible, the outpouring of bolts \
from the Emperor's fingers actually increases in intensity, the sound \
screaming through the room. Luke's body writhes in pain.\
\
Vader grabs the Emperor from behind, fighting for control of the robed \
figure despite the Dark Lord's weakened body and gravely weakened arm. \
The Emperor struggles in his embrace, his bolt-shooting hands now \
lifted high, away from Luke. Now the white lightning arcs back to \
strike at Vader. He stumbles with his load as the sparks rain off his \
helmet and flow down over his black cape. He holds his evil master high \
over his head and walks to the edge of the abyss at the central core of \
the throne room. With one final burst of his once awesome strength, \
Darth Vader hurls the Emperor's body into the bottomless shaft.\
\
The Emperor's body spins helplessly into the void, arcing as it falls \
into the abyss. Finally, when the body is far down the shaft, it \
explodes, creating a rush of air through the room.Vader's cape is \
whipped by the wind and he staggers, and collapses toward the \
bottomless hole. Luke crawls to his father's side and pulls him away \
from the edge of the abyss to safety. Both the young Jedi and the giant \
warrior are too weak to move.\
\

\f1\b 126  EXT/INT - SPACE BATTLE - FIGHTER AND DEATH STAR\

\f0\b0 \
Rebel fighters follow the Falcon across the surface of the Death Star \
to the unfinished portion, where they dive into the superstructure of \
the giant battle station, followed by many TIE fighters.\
\

\f1\b WEDGE\

\f0\b0 I'm going in.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Here goes nothing.\
\
Three X-wings lead the chase through the ever-narrowing shaft, followed \
by the Falcon and four other fighters, plus TIE fighters who \
continually fire at the Rebels. Lights reflect off the pilot's faces as \
they race through the dark shaft.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Now lock onto the strongest power source. It should be the power \
generator.\
\

\f1\b WEDGE\

\f0\b0 Form up. And stay alert. We could run out of space real fast.\
\
The fighters and the Falcon race through the tunnel, still pursued by \
the TIE fighters. One of the X-wings is hit from behind and explodes.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 Split up and head back to the surface. See if you can get a few of \
those TIE fighters to\
follow you.\
\

\f1\b PILOT\

\f0\b0 Copy, Gold Leader.\
\
The Rebel ships peel off pursued by three of the TIE's, while Lando and \
Wedge continue through the main tunnel. It narrows, and the Falcon \
scrapes the side dangerously. Two other TIE fighters continue to blast \
away at them.\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 That was too close.\
\
Nien Nunb agrees. The battle between the Rebel and Imperial fleet rages \
on. Several cruisers fire at the giant Super Star Destroyer.\
\

\f1\b 127  INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE\

\f0\b0 \

\f1\b ACKBAR\

\f0\b0 We've got to give those fighters more time. Concentrate all fire on \
that Super Star Destroyer.\
\
X-wings pilots head across the surface of the huge battleship.\
\

\f1\b 128  INT VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE\

\f0\b0 \
Admiral Piett and a commander stand at the window, looking out to the \
battle. They look concerned.\
\

\f1\b CONTROLLER\

\f0\b0 Sir, we've lost our bridge deflector shield.\
\

\f1\b PIETT\

\f0\b0 Intensify the forward batteries. I don't want anything to get through.\
\
The commander is looking out of the window where a damaged Rebel \
fighter is out of control and heading directly toward the bridge.\
\

\f1\b PIETT\

\f0\b0 Intensify forward firepower!\
\

\f1\b COMMANDER\

\f0\b0 It's too late!\
\
The Rebel pilot screams as his ship hits the Star Destroyer, causing a \
huge explosion. The giant battle ship loses control, crashes into the \
Death Star, and explodes.\
\

\f1\b 129  INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE\

\f0\b0 \
There is excitement on the bridge as the battle rages on all sides. \
They cheer as the giant Star Destroyer blows up.\
\

\f1\b 130  INT DEATH STAR - MAIN DOCKING BAY\

\f0\b0 \
Chaos. For the first time, the Death Star is rocked by explosions as \
the Rebel fleet, no longer backed against a wall, zooms over, unloading \
a heavy barrage. Imperial troops run in all directions, confused and \
desperate to escape.\
\
In the midst of this uproar, Luke is trying to carry the enormous \
deadweight of his father's weakening body toward an Imperial shuttle. \
Finally, Luke collapses from the strain. The explosions grow louder as \
Vader draws him closer.\
\
VADER	 (a whisper)\
Luke, help me take this mask off.\
\

\f1\b LURE\

\f0\b0 But you'll die.\
\

\f1\b VADER\

\f0\b0 Nothing can stop that now. Just for once... let me look on you with my \
own eyes.\
\
Slowly, hesitantly, Luke removes the mask from his father's face. There \
beneath the scars is an elderly man. His eyes do not focus. But the \
dying man smiles at the sight before him.\
\
ANAKIN	 (very weak)\
Now...go, my son. Leave me.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 No. You're coming with me. I can't leave you here. I've got to save \
you.\
\

\f1\b ANAKIN\

\f0\b0 You already have, Luke. You were right about me. Tell your sister...you \
were right.\
\

\f1\b LUKE\

\f0\b0 Father...I won't leave you.\
\
Darth Vader, Anakin Skywalker...Luke's father, dies.\
\
A huge explosion rocks the docking bay. Slowly, Luke rises and, half \
carrying, half dragging the body of his father, stumbles toward a \
shuttle.\
\

\f1\b 131  EXT DEATH STAR\

\f0\b0 \
The Millennium Falcon leads a swerving bomb run through the immense \
superstructure of the half-built Death Star. The Rebel Star Cruisers \
outside continually bombard the huge station. And each direct hit is \
answered by resonating, chain-reaction explosions within the station \
itself.\
\

\f1\b 132  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT AND GUN PORTS\

\f0\b0 \
Lando's crew fires away at the pursuing TIE fighters as the dashing \
Baron of Bespin and his alien copilot home in on the main reactor \
shaft. It is awesome. A lone X-wing is just in front of the Falcon.\
\

\f1\b WEDGE\

\f0\b0 There it is!\
\

\f1\b LANDO\

\f0\b0 All right, Wedge. Go for the power regulator on the north tower.\
\

\f1\b WEDGE\

\f0\b0 Copy, Gold Leader. I'm already on my way out.\
\
The X-wing heads for the top of the huge reactor and fires several \
proton torpedoes at the power regulator, causing a series of small \
explosions.\
\
The Falcon heads for the main reactor, and when it is dangerously \
close, Lando fires the missiles, which shoot out of the Falcon with a \
powerful roar, and hit directly at the center of the main reactor.\
\
He maneuvers the Falcon out of the winding superstructure just ahead of \
the continuing chain of explosions.\
\

\f1\b 133  INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE\

\f0\b0 \
Ackbar and other Mon Calamari lean on the railing of the bridge, \
watching the large screen showing the Death Star in the main briefing \
room.\
\

\f1\b ACKBAR\

\f0\b0 Move the fleet away from the Death Star.\
\

\f1\b 134  EXT DEATH STAR\

\f0\b0 \
An Imperial shuttle, with Luke alone in the cockpit, rockets out of the \
main docking bay as that entire section of the Death Star is blown \
away.\
\
Finally, just as it looks like the Falcon will not make it, Lando \
expertly pilots the craft out of the exploding superstructure and \
whizzes toward the Sanctuary Moon, only a moment before the Death Star \
supernovas into oblivion.\
\

\f1\b 135  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f0\b0 \
Lando and Nien Nunb laugh and cheer in relief.\
\

\f1\b 136  EXT ENDOR FOREST\

\f0\b0 \
Han and Leia, Chewie, the droids, the Rebel troops, and the Ewoks all \
look to the sky as the Death Star reveals itself in a final flash of \
self-destruction. They all cheer.\
\

\f1\b THREEPIO\

\f0\b0 They did it!\
\
Han looks town from the sky to Leia, a look of concern on his face. \
Leia continues to look at the sky as though listening for a silent \
voice.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 I'm sure Luke wasn't on that thing when it blew.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 He wasn't. I can feel it.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 You love him, don't you?\
\
Leia smiles, puzzled.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Yes.\
\

\f1\b HAN\

\f0\b0 All right. I understand. Fine. When he comes back, I won't get in the \
way.\
\
She realizes his misunderstanding.\
\

\f1\b LEIA\

\f0\b0 Oh. No, it's not like that at all. He's my brother.\
\
Han is stunned by this news. She smiles, and they embrace.\
\

\f1\b 137  EXT ENDOR FOREST - NIGHT\

\f0\b0 \
Luke sets a torch to the logs stacked under a funeral pyre where his \
father's body lies, again dressed in black mask and helmet. He stands, \
watching sadly, as the flames leap higher to consume Darth Vader -- \
Anakin Skywalker.\
\
In the sky above, fireworks explode and Rebel fighters zoom above the \
forest.\
\

\f1\b 138  EXT EWOK VILLAGE SQUARE - NIGHT\

\f0\b0 \
A huge bonfire is the centerpiece of a wild celebration. Rebels and \
Ewoks rejoice in the warm glow of firelight, drums beating, singing, \
dancing, and laughing in the communal language of victory and \
liberation.\
\
Lando runs in and is enthusiastically hugged by Han and Chewie. Then, \
finally, Luke arrives and the friends rush to greet and embrace him. \
They stand close, this hardy group, taking comfort in each other's \
touch, together to the end.\
\
Rebels and Ewoks join together in dancing and celebration. The original \
group of adventurers watch from the sidelines. Only Luke seems \
distracted, alone in their midsts, his thoughts elsewhere.\
\
He looks off to the side and sees three shimmering, smiling figures at \
the edge of the shadows: Ben Kenobi, Yoda, and Anakin Skywalker.\
\

\f1\b FADE OUT\

\f0\b0 \

\f1\b END CREDITS OVER STAR FIELD
\f0\b0 \
}