# Star Wars: Episode 1: The Phantom Menace

> TITLE CARD : A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away
> 
> EPISODE 1 THE PHANTOM MENACE
> 
> Turmoil has engulfed the Galactic Republic. The taxation of trade routes to outlaying star systems is in dispute. Hoping to resolve the matter with a blockade of deadly battleships, the greedy Trade Federation has stopped all shipping to the small planet of Naboo. While the congress of the Republic endlessly debates this alarming chain of events, the Supreme Chancellor has secretly dispatched two Jedi Knights, the guardians of peace and justice in the galaxy, to settle the conflict.....

*INT. REPUBLIC CRUISER - COCKPIT*

* **QUI-GON** : (off screen voice) Captain.
* **CAPTAIN** : Yes, sir?
* **QUI-GON** : (V.O) Tell them we wish to board at once.
* **CAPTAIN** : Yes, sir.
* **CAPTAIN** : (cont'd) With all due respect for the Trade Federation, the Ambassodors for the Supreme Chancellor wish to board immediately.
* **NUTE** : Yes, yes, of coarse...ahhh...as you know, our blockade is perfectly legal, and we'd be happy to recieve the Ambassador...Happy to.

*INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - DOCKING BAY - SPACE*

* **PK-4** : They must be important if the Viceroy sent one of those useless protocol gearheads to greet them.
* **TC-14** : I'm TC-14 at your service. This way, please.
* **EG-9** : A Republic cruiser! That's trouble...don't you think?
* **PK-4** : I'm not made to think.

*INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - CONFERENCE ROOM*

* **TC-14** : I hope you honoured sirs with the most comfortable here. My master will be with you shortly.
* **OBI-WAN** : I have a bad feeling about this.
* **QUI-GON** : I don't sense anything.
* **OBI-WAN** : It's not about the mission, Master, it's something...elsewhere...elusive.
* **QUI-GON** : Don't center on your anxiety, Obi-Wan. Keep your concentration here and now where it belongs.
* **OBI-WAN** : Master Yoda says I should be mindful of the future...
* **QUI-GON** : .....but not at the expense of the moment. Be mindful of the living Force, my young Padawan.
* **OBI-WAN** : Yes, Master...how do you think the trade viceroy will deal with the chancellor's demands?
* **QUI-GON** : These Federation types are cowards. The negotiations will be short.

*INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - BRIDGE*

* **NUTE** : (shaken) What?!? What did you say?
* **TC-14** : The Ambassadors are Jedi Knights, I believe.
* **DOFINE** : I knew it! They were sent to force a settlement, eh. Blind me, we're done for!

*INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - HALLWAY*

* **NUTE** : They must be dead by now. Blast, what's left of them.
* **TC14** :Oh, excuse me, so sorry.

*INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - BRIDGE*

* **OWO-1** :Not sure exactly what...
* **NUTE** : What in blazes is going on down there?
* **RUNE** : Have you ever encountered a Jedi Knight before, sir?
* **NUTE** : Well, not exactly, but I don't...(panicked) Seal off the bridge.
* **RUNE** : That won't be enough, sir.
* **NUTE** : I want destroyer droids up here at once!!!
* **RUNE** : We will not survive this.

*INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - BRIDGE*

* **NUTE** : Close the blast doors!!!
* **RUNE** : ...They're still coming through!
* **NUTE** : Impossible!! This is impossible!!
* **RUNE** : Where are those destroyer droids?!

*INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - HALLWAY - OUTSIDE BRIDGE*

* **QUI-GON** : Destroyer droids!
* **OBI-WAN** : Offhand, I'd say this mission is past the negotiation stage.
* **P-59** : Switch to bio...There they are!
* **OBI-WAN** : They have shield generators!
* **QUI-GON** : It's a standoff! Let's go!

*INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - BRIDGE*

* **RUNE** : We have them on the run, sir...they're no match for destroyer droids.
* **TEY HOW** : Sir, they've gone up the ventilation shaft.

*INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - MAIN BAY*

* **QUI-GON** : Battle droids.
* **OBI-WAN** : It's an invisible army.
* **QUI-GON** : It's an odd play for the Trade Federation. We've got to warn the Naboo and contact Chancellor Valorum. Let's split up. Stow aboard separate ships and meet down on the planet.
* **OBI-WAN** : You were right about one thing, Master. The negotiations were short.

*INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - BRIDGE*

* **TEY HOW** : Sir, a transmission from the planet.
* **RUNE** : It's Queen Amidala herself.
* **NUTE** : At last we're getting results.
* **NUTE** : (cont'd) Again you come before me, Your highness. The Federation is pleased.
* **AMIDALA** : You will not be pleased when you hear what I have to say, Viceroy...Your trade boycott of our planet has ended.
* **NUTE** : I was not aware of such a failure.
* **AMIDALA** : I have word that the Senate is finally voting on this blockade of yours.
* **NUTE** : I take it you know the outcome. I wonder why they bother to vote.
* **AMIDALA** : Enough of this pretense, Viceroy! I'm aware the Chancellor's Ambassadors are with you now, and that you have been commanded to reach a settlement.
* **NUTE** : I know nothing about any Ambassadors...you must be mistaken.
* **AMIDALA** : Beware, Viceroy....the Federation is going too far this time.
* **NUTE** : Your Highness, we would never do anything without the approval of the Senate. You assume too much.
* **AMIDALA** : We will see.
* **RUNE** : She's right, the Senate will never....
* **NUTE** : It's too late now.
* **RUNE** : Do you think she suspects an attack?
* **NUTE** : I don't know, but we must move quickly to disrupt all communications down there.

*INT. NABOO PALACE - THRONE ROOM*

* **PALPATINE** : ...How could that be true? I have assurances from the Chancellor...his Ambassaodrs did arrive. It must be the...get...negotiate...
* **AMIDALA** : Senator Palpatine?!? (turns to Panaka) What's happening?
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : Check the transmission generators...
* **BIBBLE** :A malfunction?
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : It could be the Federation jamming us. Your Highness.
* **BIBBLE** :A communications disruption can only mean one thing. Invasion.
* **AMIDALA** : Don't jump to conclusions, Governor. The Federation would not dare go that far.
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : The Senate would revoke their trade franchise, and they'd be finished.
* **AMIDALA** : We must continue to rely on negotiation.
* **BIBBLE** :Negotiation? We've lost all communications!...and where are the Chancellors Ambassadors? How can we negotiate? We must prepare to defend ourselves.
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : This is a dangerous situation, Your Highness. Our security volunteers will be no match against a battle-hardened Federation army.
* **AMIDALA** : I will not condone a course of action that will lead us to war.

*EXT. NABOO EDGE OF SWAMP / GRASS PLAINS - TWILIGHT (FX)*

* **RUNE** : ...and there is no trace of the Jedi. They may have gotton onto one of your landing craft.
* **OOM-9** : If they are down here, sir, we'll find them. We are moving out of the swamp and are marching on the cities. We are meeting no resistance.
* **NUTE** : Excellent.

*EXT. NABOO SWAMP - TWILIGHT*

* **JAR JAR** : Oh, noooooooooo!
* **JAR JAR** : (Cont'd) Hey, help me! Help me!!
* **QUI-GON** : Let go!
* **JAR JAR** : Oyi, mooie-mooie! I luv yous!
* **QUI-GON** : Are you brainless? You almost got us killed!
* **JAR JAR** : I spake.
* **QUI-GON** : The ability to speak does not make you intelligent. Now get outta here!
* **JAR JAR** : No...no! Mesa stay...Mesa yous humble servaunt.
* **QUI-GON** : That wont be necessary.
* **JAR JAR** : Oh boot tis! Tis demunded byda guds. Tis a live debett, tis. Mesa culled Jaja Binkss.
* **QUI-GON** : I have no time for this now...
* **JAR JAR** : Say what?
* **JAR JAR** : (cont'd) Oh, nooooo! Weesa ganna....
* **QUI-GON** : Stay down!
* **JAR JAR** : ...dieeee!
* **OBI-WAN** : Sorry, Master, the water fried my weapon.
* **QUI-GON** : You forgot to turn your power off again, didn't you?
* **QUI-GON** : (cont'd) It won't take long to recharge, but this is a lesson I hope you've learned, my young Padawan.
* **OBI-WAN** : Yes, Master.
* **JAR JAR** : Yousa sav-ed my again, hey?
* **OBI-WAN** : What's this?
* **QUI-GON** : A local. Let's go, before more of those droids show up.
* **JAR JAR** : Mure? Mure did you spake??!?
* **JAR JAR** : (cont'd) Ex-squeeze me, but da moto grande safe place would be Otoh Gunga. Tis where I grew up...Tis safe city.
* **QUI-GON** : A city! (JAR JAR nods his head) Can you take us there?
* **JAR JAR** : Ahhh, will...on second taut...no, not willy.
* **QUI-GON** : No??!
* **JAR JAR** : Iss embarrissing, boot... My afrai my've bean banished. My forgoten der Bosses would do terrible tings to my. Terrible tings if my goen back dare.
* **QUI-GON** : You hear that?
* **QUI-GON** : (cont'd) That's the sound of a thousand terrible things heading this way...
* **OBI-WAN** : When they find us, they will crush us, grind us into little pieces, then blast us into oblivion!
* **JAR JAR** : Oh! Yousa point is well seen. Dis way! Hurry!

*EXT. NABOO SWAMP LAKE - TWILIGHT*

* **QUI-GON** : Much farther?
* **JAR JAR** : Wesa goen underwater, okeyday?
* **JAR JAR** : (cont'd) My warning yous. Gungans no liken outlaunders. Don't expict a wern welcome.
* **OBI-WAN** : Don't worry, this has not been our day for warm welcomes.

*INT. OTOH GUNGA - CITY SQUARE*

* **JAR JAR** : Heyo-dalee, Cap'n Tarpals, Mesa back!
* **CAPT. TARPALS** : Noah gain, Jar Jar. Yousa goen tada Bosses. Yousa in big dudu this time.
* **JAR JAR** : How wude.

*INT. OTOH GUNGA - HIGH TOWER BOARD ROOM*

* **BOSS NASS** : Yousa cannot bees hair. Dis army of mackineeks up dare tis new weesong!
* **QUI-GON** : That droid army is about to attack the Naboo. We must warn them.
* **BOSS NASS** : Wesa no like da Naboo! Un dey no like uss-ens. Da Naboo tink day so smarty den us-ens. Day tink day brains so big.
* **OBI-WAN** : After those droids take control of the surface, they will come here and take control of you.
* **BOSS NASS** : No, mesa no tink so. Mesa scant talkie witda Naboo, and no nutten talkie it outlaunders. Dos mackineeks no comen here! Dey not know of uss-en.
* **OBI-WAN** : You and the Naboo form a symbiont circle. What happens to noe of you will affect the other. You must understand this.
* **BOSS NASS** : Wesa wish no nutten in yousa tings, outlaunder, and wesa no care-n about da Naboo.
* **QUI-GON** : (waves his hand) Then speed us on our way.
* **BOSS NASS** : Wesa gonna speed yousaway.
* **QUI-GON** : We need a transport.
* **BOSS NASS** : Wesa give yousa una bongo. Da speedest way tooda Naboo tis goen through da core. Now go.
* **QUI-GON** : Thank you for your help. We go in peace.
* **OBI-WAN** : Master, whats a bongo?
* **QUI-GON** : A transport, I hope.
* **JAR JAR** : Daza setten yous up. Goen through da planet core is bad bombin!!
* **QUI-GON** : Thank you, my friend.
* **JAR JAR** : Ahhh...any hep hair would be hot.
* **OBI-WAN** : We are short of time, Master.
* **QUI-GON** : We'll need a navigator to get us through the planet's core. This Gungan my be of help.
* **QUI-GON** : (cont'd) What is to become of Jar Jar Binks here?
* **BOSS NASS** : Binkss brokeen the nocombackie law. Hisen to be pune-ished.
* **QUI-GON** : He has been a great help to us. I hope the punishment will not be too severe.
* **BOSS NASS** : Pounded unto death.
* **JAR JAR** : (grimacing) Oooooh...Ouch!
* **QUI-GON** : We need a navigator to get us through the planet's core. I have saved Jar Jar Binks' life. He owes me what you call a "life.debt."
* **BOSS NASS** : Binks. Yousa havena liveplay with thisen hisen?
* **QUI-GON** : Your gods demand that his life belongs to me now.
* **BOSS NASS** : Hisen live tis yos, outlauder. Begone wit him.
* **JAR JAR** : Count mesa outta dis! Better dead here, den deader in da core...Yee guds, whata mesa sayin?!

*INT. SUB COCKPIT - UNDERWATER*

* **JAR JAR** : Dis is nusen.
* **OBI-WAN** : Master, why do you keep dragging these pathetic life forms along with us?...Here, take over.
* **JAR JAR** : Hey, ho? Where wesa goen??
* **QUI-GON** : You're the navigator.
* **JAR JAR** : Yo dreamen mesa hopen...,br * **QUI-GON** : Just relax, the Force will guide us...
* **JAR JAR** : Ooooh, maxibig..."da Force"...Wellen, dat smells stinkowiff.
* **OBI-WAN** : Why were you banished, Jar Jar?
* **JAR JAR** : Tis a long tale, buta small part wawdabe mesa...ooooh...aaaa.....clumsy.
* **OBI-WAN** : They banished you because you're clumsy?
* **JAR JAR** : Mesa cause-ed mabee one or duey lettal bitty axadentes...yud-say boom da gasser, un crash Der Bosses heyblibber...den banished.
* **QUI-GON** : Full speed ahead.
* **JAR JAR** : Oooops.
* **OBI-WAN** : Give me the controls.
* **JAR JAR** : Wesa free!
* **QUI-GON** : There's always a bigger fish.

*INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - BRIDGE*

* **NUTE** : The invasion is on schedule, My Lord.
* **DARTH SIDIOUS** : Good. I have the Senate bogged down in procedures. By the time this incident comes up for a vote, they will have no choice but to accept your control of the system.
* **NUTE** : The Queen has great faith the Senate will side with her.
* **DARTH SIDIOUS** : Queen Amidala is yound and naive. You will find controlling her will not be difficult. You have done well, Viceroy.
* **NUTE** : Thank you, My Lord.
* **RUNE** : You didn't tell him about the missing Jedi?
* **NUTE** : No need to report that to him, until we have something to report.

*INT. SUB COCKPIT - UNDERWATER*

* **OBI-WAN** : .....we're losing power.
* **QUI-GON** : Stay calm. We're not in trouble yet.
* **JAR JAR** : What yet? Monstairs out dare! Leak'n in here, all'n sink'n, and nooooo power! You nutsen! WHEN YOUSA TINK WESA IN TROUBLE?!!!?
* **OBI-WAN** : Power's back.
* **JAR JAR** : Monstairs back!
* **JAR JAR** : (cont'd) Wesa in trouble now??
* **QUI-GON** : Relax.
* **OBI-WAN** : You overdid it.
* **OBI-WAN** : (cont'd) This is not good!
* **JAR JAR** : Wesa dead yet?? Oie Boie!
* **QUI-GON** : Head for that outcropping.

*EXT. THEED PLAZA - DAY*

* **NUTE** : Ah, victory!

*INT. NABOO LAKE - UNDERWATER - SUB (FX)*

* **JAR JAR** : Wesa dude it!

*EXT. THEED - ESTUARY - DAY*

* **JAR JAR** : Wesa safe now.
* **QUI-GON** : Get this thing started.
* **JAR JAR** : Dissen berry good. Hey?
* **OBI-WAN** : What is it?
* **JAR JAR** : What!!?? Oie boie!
* **JAR JAR** : (cont'd) Iyiiyi, wesa die'n here, hey!
* **QUI-GON** : Come on...
* **QUI-GON** : (cont'd) Come on, Jar Jar.
* **JAR JAR** : No! Too scary!
* **OBI-WAN** : Get up here!
* **JAR JAR** : No a mighty no!
* **JAR JAR** : (cont'd) Oie boie...mesa comen. Mesa comen!
* **OBI-WAN** : That was close.
* **BATTLE DROID 3B3** : (O.S) Drop your weapons!
* **BATTLE DROID 3B3** : I said drop your weapons
* **JAR JAR** : Whoa!!!

*INT. THEED - PALACE THRONE ROOM - DAY*

* **BIBBLE** :...how will you explain this invasion to the Senate?
* **NUTE** : The Naboo and the Federation will forge a treaty that will legitimize our occupation here. I've been assured it will be ratified by the Senate.
* **AMIDALA** : I will not co-operate.
* **NUTE** : Now, now, your Highness. You are not going to like what we have in store for your people. In time, their suffering will persuade you to see our point of view. Commander. (OOM-9 steps forward) Process them.
* **OOM-9** : Yes, sir! (turns to his sergeant) Take them to Camp Four.

*EXT. PALACE - PLAZA - DAY*

* **JAR JAR** : Yousa guys bombad!
* **QUI-GON** : Your Highness, we are the Ambassadors, for the Supreme Chancellor.
* **BIBBLE** :Your negotiations seem to have failed, Ambassador.
* **QUI-GON** : The negotiations never took place. Your Highness, we must make contact with the republic.
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : They've knocked out all our communications.
* **QUI-GON** : Do you have transports?
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : In the main hanger. This way.

*INT. CENTRAL HANGER - HALLWAY - DAY*

* **CAPT. PANAKA** : There are too many of them.
* **QUI-GON** : That won't be a problem. (to Amidala) Your Highness, under the circumstances, Isuggest you come to Coruscant with us.
* **AMIDALA** : Thank you, Ambassador, but my place is here with my people.
* **QUI-GON** : They will kill you if you stay.
* **BIBBLE** :They wouldn't dare.
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : They need her to sign a treaty to make this invasion of theirs legal. They can't afford to kill her.
* **QUI-GON** : The situation here is not what it seems. There is something else behind all this, Your Highness. There is no logic in the Federation's move here. My feelings tell me they will destroy you.
* **BIBBLE** :Please, Your Highness, reconsider. Our only hope is for the Senate to side with us... Senator Palpatine will need your help.
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : Getting past their blockade is impossible, Your Highness. Any attempt to escape will be dangerous.
* **BIBBLE** :Your Highness, I will stay here and do what I can...They will have to retain the Council of Governors in order to maintain control. But you must leave...
* **AMIDALA** : Either choice presents a great risk...to all of us...
* **PADME** : We are brave, Your Highness.
* **QUI-GON** : If you are to leave, Your Highness, it must be now.
* **AMIDALA** : Then, I will plead our case before the Senate. (to Bibble) Be careful, Governor.

*INT. CENTRAL HANGER - DAY*

* **CAPT. PANAKA** : We need to free those pilots.
* **OBI-WAN** : I'll take care of that. OBI-WAN heads toward the group of captured pilots.
* **GUARD DROID** : Where are you going?
* **QUI-GON** : I'm Ambassador for the Supreme Chancellor, and I'm taking those people to Coruscant.
* **GUARD** : You're under arrest!

*INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - COCKPIT*

* **RIC OLIE** : ....our communications are still jammed.

*INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - DROID HOLD*

* **OBI-WAN** : Now stay here, and keep out of trouble.
* **JAR JAR** : Ello, boyos. (no response) Disa wanna longo trip...hey?
* **JAR JAR** : (Cont'd) Tis opens?...Oooops! Many springs and things come flying out.
* **JAR JAR** : (Cont'd) Yoi! Just yoken!
* **RIC OLIE** : Powers back! That little droid did it. He bypassed the main power drive. Deflector shield up, at maximum.
* **RIC OLIE** : There's not enough power to get us to Coruscant...the hyperdrive is leaking.
* **QUI-GON** : We'll have to land somewhere to refuel and repair the ship.
* **OBI-WAN** : Here, Master. Tatooine... It's small, out of the way, poor... The Trade Federation has no presence there.
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : How can you be sure?
* **QUI-GON** : It's controlled by the Hutts...
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : The Hutts??
* **OBI-WAN** : It's risky...but there's no alternative.
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : You can't take Her Royal Highness there! The Hutts are gangsters... If they discovered her...
* **QUI-GON** : ...It would be no different than if we landed on a system controlled by the Federation...except the Hutts aren't looking for her, which gives us an advantage.

*INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - CONFERENCE ROOM*

* **NUTE** : We control all the cities in the North and are searching for any other settlements...
* **DARTH SIDIOUS** : Destroy all high-ranking officials, Viceroy...slowly...quietly. And Queen Amidala, has she signed the treaty?
* **NUTE** : She has disappeared, My Lord. One Naboo cruiser got pat the blockade.
* **DARTH SIDIOUS** : Viceroy, find her! I want that treaty signed.
* **NUTE** : My Lord, it's impossible to locate the ship. It's out of our range.
* **DARTH SIDIOUS** : ...not for a Sith...
* **DARTH SIDIOUS** : (Cont'd) ...Viceroy, this is my apprentice. Lord Maul. He will find your lost ship.
* **NUTE** : Yes, My Lord. The hologram fades off.
* **NUTE** : (Cont'd) This is getting out of hand...now there are two of them.
* **RUNE** : We should not have made this bargain. What will happen when the Jedi become aware of these Sith Lords?

*INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - QUEENS CHAMBERS*

* **CAPT. PANAKA** : ...An extremely well put together little droid. Without a doubt, it saved the ship, as well as our lives.
* **AMIDALA** : It is to be commended...what is its number?
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : R2-D2, Your Highness.
* **AMIDALA** : Thank you, **ARTOO** Detoo. You have proven to be very loyal...Padme
* **AMIDALA** : (Cont'd) Clean this droid up the best you can. It deserves our gratitude...(to Panaka) Continue, Captain.
* **QUI-GON** : Yor Highness, we are heading for a remote planet called Tatooine. It is a system far beyond the reach of the Trade Federation. There we will be able to make needed repairs, then travel on to Coruscant.
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : Your Highness, Tatooine is very dangerous. It's controlled by an alliance of gangs called the Hutts. I do not agree with the Jedi on this.
* **QUI-GON** : You must trust my judgement, Your Highness.

*INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - MAIN AREA*

* **JAR JAR** : Hidoe!

> Both PADME and **ARTOO** jump and let out a little SCREAM. The Gungan is embarrassed that he frightened them.

* **JAR JAR** : (Cont'd) Sorry, nomeanen to scare yousa.
* **PADME** : That's all right.
* **JAR JAR** : I scovered oily back dare. Needen it?
* **PADME** : Thank you. This little guy is quite a mess.
* **JAR JAR** : Mesa Ja Ja Binksss... * **PADME** : I'm Padme, I attend Her Highness, You're a Gungan, aren't you? (Jar Jar nods) How did you end up here with us?
* **JAR JAR** : Me no know...mesa day starten pitty okeyday witda brisky morning munchen. Den boom....getten berry skeered, un grabbed dat Jedi, and before mesa knowen it...pow! Mesa here. (he shrugs)...getten berry berry skeered.

> **ARTOO** BEEPS a sympathetic beep.

*INT. ANBOO SPACECRAFT - COCKPIT*

* **OBI-WAN** : Tahyt's it. Tatooine.
* **RIC OLIE** : There's a settlement...a spaceport, looks like.
* **QUI-GON** : Land near the outskirts. We don't want to attract any attention.

*EXT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - MAIN AREA*

* **JAR JAR** : Obi-Wan, sire, pleeese, no mesa go!
* **OBI-WAN** : Sorry, Qui-Gon's right. You'll make things less obvious.

> JAR JAR walks back to **ARTOO** in the hallway as QUI-GON (dressed as a farmer) enters the main area.

* **OBI-WAN** : (Cant'd) The Hyperdrive generator is gone. We will need a new one.
* **QUI-GON** : Don't let them send ant transmissions. Be wary...I sense a disturbance in the Force.
* **OBI-WAN** : I fell it also, Master.

> QUI-GON goes into the hallway to meet up with **ARTOO** and JAR JAR. They head to the exit ramp.

*EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - SPACESHIP - DAY*

* **JAR JAR** : Dis sun doen murder tada skin.
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : Wait!
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : (Cont'd) Her Highness commands you to take her handmaiden with you. She wishes for her to observe the local...
* **QUI-GON** : No more commands from Her Highness today, Captain. This spaceport is not going to be pleasant...
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : The Queen wishes it. She is curious about this planet.
* **PADME** : I've been trained in defense... I can take care of myself.
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : Don't make me go back and tell her you refuse.
* **QUI-GON** : I don't have time to argue. But this is not a good idea. Stay close to me.

*EXT. MOS ESPA - STREET - DAY*

* **QUI-GON** : ...moisture farms for the most part, but also a few indigenous tribes and scavengers. The few spaceports like this one are havens for those who do not wish to be found...
* **PADME** : ....like us. JAR JAR is in a constant state of panic.

> **ARTOO** whistles along, with perfect confidence.

* **JAR JAR** : Dissen berry berry bad. (steps in ooze) Ooooh...icky...icky...goo.

*EXT. MOS ESPA - JUNK DEALER PLAZA - DAY*

* **QUI-GON** : We'll try one of the smaller dealers.

*INT. WATTO'S JUNK SHOP - DAY*

* **WATTO** : (subtitled) Hi chuba da naga? (What do you want?)
* **QUI-GON** : I need parts for a J-type 327 Nubian.
* **WATTO** : Ah yes, ah yes. Nubian. We have lots of that. What kinda junk? (subtitled) Peedenkel! Naba dee unko (Boy, get in here! Now!)
* **QUI-GON** : My droid here has a readout of what I need.
* **WATTO** : (subtitled) Coona tee-tocky malia? (What took you so long?)
* **ANAKIN** : (subtitled) Mel tassa cho-passa... (I was cleaning the bin like you...)
* **WATTO** : (subtitled) Chut-Chut! Ganda doe wallya. (Never mind! Watch the store) Me dwana no bata. (I've got some selling to do here.) (to Gui-Gon) Soooo, let me take- a thee out back. Ni you'll find what you need.

> **ARTOO** and QUI-GON follow WATTO toward the junk yard, leaving JAR JAR with PADME and the young boy ANAKIN. JAR JAR picks up a gizmo, trying to figure out its purpose. QUI-GON takes the part out of his hand and puts it back.

* **QUI-GON** : Don't touch anything.
* **ANAKIN** : Are you an angel?
* **PADME** : What?
* **ANAKIN** : An angel. I've heard the deep space pilots talk about them. They live on the Moons of Iego I thimk. They are the most beautiful creatures in the universe. They are good and kind, and so pretty they make even the most hardened spice pirate cry.
* **PADME** : I've never heard of angels.
* **ANAKIN** : You must be one...maybe you just don't know it.
* **PADME** : You're a funny little boy. How do you know so much?
* **ANAKIN** : Since I was very little, three, I think. My Mom and I were sold to Gardulla the Hutt, but she lost us, betting on the Podraces, to Watto, who's a lot better master than Gardulla, I think.
* **PADME** : You're...a slave?
* **ANAKIN** : I am a person! My name is Anakin.
* **PADME** : I'm sorry. I don't fully understand. (looking around)This is a
strange world to me.
* **ANAKIN** : You are a strange girl to me.
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) Hit the nose!

*EXT. WATTO'S JUNK YARD - BEHIND SHOP - DAY*

* **WATTO** : ...Here it is...a T-14 hyperdrive generator!! Thee in luck, I'm the only one hereabouts who has one...but thee might as well buy a new ship. It would be cheaper, I think...Sying of which, how's thee going to pay for all this?
* **QUI-GON** : I have 20,000 Republic dataries.
* **WATTO** : Republic credits?!? Republic credits are no good out here. I need something more real...
* **QUI-GON** : I don't have anything else. (raising his hand) But credits will do fine.
* **WATTO** : No they won'ta. QUI-GON, using his mind power, waves his hand again.
* **QUI-GON** : Credits will do fine.
* **WATTO** : No, they won'ta. What you think you're some kinda Jedi, waving your hand around like that? I'm a Toydarian. Mind tricks don'ta work on me-only money. No money, no parts! No deal! And no one else has a T-14 hyperdrive, I promise you that.

*INT. WATTO'S JUNK SHOP - DAY*

* **ANAKIN** : ...wouldn't have lasted long if I weren't so good at fixing things. I'm making my own droid...

> QUI-GON hurries into the shop, followed by **ARTOO**.

* **QUI-GON** : We're leaving.
* **PADME** : I'm glad I met you,....ah...
* **ANAKIN** : ...Anakin.
* **PADME** : Anakin.
* **ANAKIN** : Anakin Skywalker.
* **PADME** : Padme Naberrie.
* **ANAKIN** : I'm glad I met you too.
* **WATTO** : (subtitled) Ootmians! Tinka me chasa hopoe ma booty na nolia. (Outlanders! They think because we live so far from the center, we don't know nothing.)
* **ANAKIN** : (subtitled) La lova num botaffa. (They seemed nice to me.)
* **WATTO** : (subtitled) Fweepa niaga. Tolpa da bunky dunko. (Clean the racks, then you can go home.)

*EXT. MOS ESPA - STREET - ALCOVE - DAY*

> QUI-GON, **ARTOO**, JAR JAR, and PADME have found a quiet spot between two buildings. The busy street beyond is filled with dangerous looking creatures. QUI-GON is talking on his com-link, while JAR JAR nervously watches the street. OBI-WAN is in the main hold of the Naboo craft.

* **QUI-GON** : ...Obi-Wan, you're sure there isn't anything of value left on board?
* **OBI-WAN** : (V.O) A few containers of supplies, the Queen's wardrobe, maybe. Not enough for you to barter with. Not in the ammounts you're talking about.
* **QUI-GON** : All right. Another solution will present itself. I'll check back.
* **JAR JAR** : Noah gain...da beings hereabouts cawazy. Wesa be robbed un crunched.
* **QUI-GON** : Not likely. We have nothing of value, that's our problem.

*EXT. MOS ESPA - STREET - MARKET - DAY*

> QUI-GON, PADME, JAR JAR, and **ARTOO** move out into the street. JAR JAR is walking behind the others. 

* **VENDOR** : Hey, that will be seven truguts!!
* **SEBULBA** : (subtitled) Chuba!! (You!!)
* **JAR JAR** : Who, mesa??
* **SEBULBA** : (subtitled) Ni chuba na?? (Is this yours??)
* **JAR JAR** : (to himself) Why mesa always da one??
* **ANAKIN** : (V.O) Because you're afraid.
* **ANAKIN** : (subtitled) Chess ko, Sebulba...Coo wolpa tooney rana. (Careful, Sebulba...This one's very connected.)
* **SEBULBA** : (subtitled) Tooney rana nu pratta dunko, shag. (Connected?? Whada you mean, slave?)
* **ANAKIN** : (subtitled) Oh da Hutt...cha porko ootman geesa...me teesa rodda co pana pee choppa chawa. (As in Hutt...big time outlander, this one... I'd hate to see you diced before we race again.)
* **SEBULBA** : (subtitled) Neek me chowa, wermo, mo killee ma klounkee(Next time we race, wermo, it will be the end of you!) Una noto wo shag, me wompity du pom pom. (If you weren't a slave, I'd squash you right now.)
* **ANAKIN** : (subtitled) Eh, chee bana do mullee ra. (Yeah, it'd be a pity if you had to pay for me.)

> QUI-GON, PADME and **ARTOO** arrive.

* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) Hi! Your buddy here was about to be turned into orange goo. He picked a fight with a Dug. An especially dangerous Dug called Sebulba.
* **JAR JAR** : Nosir, nosir. Mesa hate crunchen. Dat's da last ting mesa wanten.
* **QUI-GON** : Nevertheless, the boy is right...you were heading for trouble. Thank you, my young friend.
* **JAR JAR** : Mesa doen nutten!
* **ANAKIN** : Fear attracts the fearful. He was trying to overcome his fear by squashing you...be less afraid.
* **PADME** : And that works for you.
* **ANAKIN** : To a point. (he smiles)

*EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - SPACESHIP - DAY*

* **OBI-WAN** : This storm's going to slow them down.
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : It looks pretty bad. We'd better seal the ship.
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : (Cont'd) Yes?
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : We'll be right there.

*EXT. MOS ESPA - STREET - FRUIT STAND - DAY*

* **ANAKIN** : How are you feeling today, Jira?
* **JIRA** : The heat's never been kind to me, you know, Annie!
* **ANAKIN** : Guess what? I've found that cooling unit I've been searching for. It's pretty beat up, but I'll have it fixed up for you in no time, I promise.
* **JIRA** : You're a fine boy, Annie.
* **ANAKIN** : I'll take four pallies today. (to Padme) You'll like these...
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) Whoops, I thought I had more...Make thgat three, I'm not hungry.
* **JIRA** : Gracious, my bones are aching...storm's coming on, Annie. You'd better get home quick.
* **ANAKIN** : (to QUI-GON) Do you have shelter?
* **QUI-GON** : We'll hed back to our ship.
* **ANAKIN** : Is it far?
* **PADME** : On the outskirts.
* **ANAKIN** : You'll never reach the outskirts in time...sandstorms are very, very dangerous. Come with me. Hurry!

*INT. ANAKIN'S HOVEL - MAIN ROOM - DAY*

> QUI-GON, JAR JAR, **ARTOO**, and PADME enter a small living space.

* **ANAKIN** : Mom! Mom! I'm home.
* **JAR JAR** : Dissen cozy.
* **SHMI** : Oh, my!! Annie, what's this?
* **ANAKIN** : These are my friends, Mom. This is Padme, and...gee, I don't know any of your names.
* **QUI-GON** : I'm Qui-Gon Jinn, and this is Jar Jar Binks.

> **ARTOO** lets out a little beep.

* **PADME** : ...and our droid, **ARTOO**-Detoo.
* **ANAKIN** : I'm building a droid. You wanna see?
* **SHMI** : Anakin! Why are they here?
* **ANAKIN** : A sandstorm, Mom. Listen.
* **QUI-GON** : Your son was kind enough to offer us shelter.
* **ANAKIN** : Come on! Let me show you Threepio!

> ANAKIN leads PADME into the other room. **ARTOO** follows, beeping all the way.

* **QUI-GON** : I have enough food for a meal.
* **SHMI** : Oh, tank you. Thank you so much. I'm sorry if I was abrupt. I'll never get used to Anakin's surprises.
* **QUI-GON** : He's a very special boy. SHMI looks at him as if he's discovered a secret.
* **SHMI** : Yes, I know.

*INT. ANAKIN'S HOVEL - BEDROOM - DAY*

* **ANAKIN** : Isn't he great?! He's not finished yet.
* **PADME** : He's wonderful!
* **ANAKIN** : You reall like him? He's a protocol droid...to help Mom. Watch!
* **THREEPIO** : How do you do, I am See-Threepio, Human Cyborg Relations. How might I serve you?
* **PADME** : He's perfect.
* **ANAKIN** : When the storm is over, you can see my racer. I'm building a Podracer!

> PADME smiles at his enthusiasm. **ARTOO** lets out a flurry of beeps and whistles.

* **THREEPIO** : I beg your pardon....what do you mean I'm naked?

> **ARTOO** BEEPS

* **THREEPIO** : (Cont'd) My parts are showing? Oh, my goodness. How embarrassing!

*INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - QUEENS CHAMBERS*

* **BIBBLE** :...cut off all food supplies until you return...the death toll is catastrophic...we must bow to their wishes, Your Highness...Please tell us what to do! If you can hear us, Your Highness, you must contact me...
* **OBI-WAN** : It's a trick. Send no reply... Send no transmission of any kind.

*INT. ANAKIN'S HOVEL - MAIN ROOM - DAY*

* **OBI-WAN** : ...the Queen is upset...but absolutly no reply was sent.
* **QUI-GON** : It sounds like bait to establish a connection trace.
* **OBI-WAN** : What if it is true and the people are dying?
* **QUI-GON** : Either way, we're running out of time.

*EXT. CORUSCANT - BALCONY OVERLOOKING CITY - NIGHT*

* **DARTH MAUL** : Tatooine is sparsely populated. If the trace was correct I will find them quickly, Master.
* **DARTH SIDIOUS** : Move against the Jedi first...you will then have no difficulty taking the Queen back to Naboo, where she will sign the treaty.
* **DARTH MAUL** : At last we will reveal ourselves to the Jedi. At last we will have revenge.
* **DARTH SIDIOUS** : You have been well trained, my young apprentice, they will be no match for you. It is too late for them to stop us now. Everything is going as planned. The Republic will soon be in my command.

*INT. ANAKIN'S HOVEL - MAIN ROOM - DAY*

* **SHMI** : All slaves have transmitters placed inside their bodies somewhere.
* **ANAKIN** : I've been working on a scanner to try and locate them, but no luck.
* **SHMI** : Any attempt to escape...
* **ANAKIN** : ...and they blow you up...poof!
* **JAR JAR** : How wude.
* **PADME** : I can't believe there is still slavery in the galaxy. The Republic's anti-slavery laws...
* **SHMI** : The Republic doesn't exist out here...we must survive on our own.
* **ANAKIN** : Have you ever seen a Podrace?
* **QUI-GON** : They have Podracing on Malastare. Very fast, very dangerous.
* **ANAKIN** : I'm the only human who can do it.
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) Mom, what? I'm not bragging. It's true. Watto says he's never heard of a human doing it.
* **QUI-GON** : You must have Jedi reflexes if you race Pods.
* **QUI-GON** : (Cont'd) Don't do that again.
* **ANAKIN** : I...I was wondering...something...
* **QUI-GON** : What?
* **ANAKIN** : Well, ahhh...you're a Jedi Knight, aren't you?
* **QUI-GON** : What makes you think that?
* **ANAKIN** : I saw your laser sword. Only Jedi carry that kind of weapon.
* **QUI-GON** : Perhaps I killed a Jedi and stole it from him.
* **ANAKIN** : I don't think so... No one can kill a Jedi Knight.
* **QUI-GON** : I wish that were so... ANAKIN. I had a dream I was a Jedi. I came back here and freed all the slaves...have you come to free us?
* **QUI-GON** : No, I'm afraid not...
* **ANAKIN** : I think you have...why else would you be here?
* **QUI-GON** : I can see there's no fooling you...(leans forward) You mustn't let anyone know about us...we're on our way to Coruscant, the central system in the Republic, on a very important mission, and it must be kept secret.
* **ANAKIN** : Coruscant...wow...how did you end up here in the outer rim?
* **PADME** : Our ship was damaged, and we're stranded here until we can repair it.
* **ANAKIN** : I can help! I can fix anything!
* **QUI-GON** : I believe you can, but our first job is to aquire the parts we need...
* **JAR JAR** : Wit no-nutten mula to trade.
* **PADME** : These junk dealers must have a weakness of some kind.
* **SHMI** : Gambling. Everything here revolves around betting on those awful races.
* **QUI-GON** : Podracing... Greed can be a powerful ally.. if it's used properly.
* **ANAKIN** : I've built a racer! It's the fastest ever...There's a big race tomorrow, on Boonta Eve. You could enter my pod. It's all but finished...
* **SHMI** : Anakin, settle down. Watto won't let you...
* **ANAKIN** : Watto doesn't know I've built it. (to Qui-Gon) You could make him think it's your's, and you could get him to let me pilot it for you.
* **SHMI** : I don't want you to race, Annie...It's awful. I die every time Watto makes you do it.
* **ANAKIN** : But Mom, I love it...and they need help...they're in trouble. The prize money would more than pay for the parts they need.
* **JAR JAR** : Wesa ina pitty bad goo.
* **QUI-GON** : Your mother's right. Is there anyone friendly to the Republic who might be able to help us?
* **ANAKIN** : We have to help them, Mom...you said that the biggest problem in the universe is no one helps each other...
* **SHMI** : Anakin, don't...
* **PADME** : I'm sure Qui-Gon doesn't want to put your son in danger. We will find another way...
* **SHMI** : No, Annie's right, there is no other way... I may not like it, but he can help you...he was meant to help you.
* **ANAKIN** : Is that a yes? That is a yes!

*EXT. MOS ESPA - JUNK DEALER PLAZA - DAY*

> **ARTOO** is standing next to him. PADME stops QUI-GON as he is about to enter the shop.

* **PADME** : Are you sure about this? Trusting our fate to a boy we hardly know. The Queen will not approve.
* **QUI-GON** : The Queen does not need to know.
* **PADME** : Well, I don't approve.

*INT. WATTO'S JUNK SHOP - DAY*

* **WATTO** : Patta go bolla!
* **ANAKIN** : No batta!
* **WATTO** : Pedunky. Maa kee cheelya.
* **ANAKIN** : Bayno, Bayno!
* **WATTO** : The boy tells me you wanta sponser hi insa race. You can't afford parts. How can you do this? Not on Republic credits, I think. (he laughs)
* **QUI-GON** : My ship will be the entry fee.
* **WATTO** : Not bad...not bad...a Nubian.
* **QUI-GON** : It's in good order, except for the parts we need.
* **WATTO** : ...but what would the boy ride? He smashed up my Pod in the last race. It will take some time to fix it.
* **ANAKIN** : Ahhhh....it wasn't my fault really...Sebulba flashed me with his vent ports. I actually saved the Pod...mostly.
* **WATTO** : (laughing) That you did. The boy is good, no doubts there.
* **QUI-GON** : I have...acquired a Pod in a game of chance. "The fastest ever built."
* **WATTO** : I hope you didn't kill anyone I know for it. (laughs) So, you supply the Pod and the entry fee; I supply the boy. We split the winnings fifty-fifty, I think.
* **QUI-GON** : Fifty-fifty!?! If it's going to be fifty-fifty, I suggest you front the cash for the entry. If we win, you keep all the winnings, minus the cost of the parts I need...If we lose, you keep my ship.
* **QUI-GON** : (Cont'd) Either way, you win.
* **WATTO** : (subtitled) Deal! Yo bana pee ho-tah, meedee ya. (Your friend is a follish one, methinks.)

*EXT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - TATOOINE DESERT - DAY*

* **OBI-WAN** : What if this plan fails, Master? We could be stuck here for a long time.
* **QUI-GON** : (V.O) A ship without a power supply will not get us anywhere, and there is something about this boy...

*EXT MOS ESPA - SLAVE QUARTERS - PORCH - DAY*

> PADME, ANAKIN, JAR JAR, and **ARTOO** work on the engines of the Podracer in the courtyard below.

* **QUI-GON** : You should be proud of your son. He gives without any thought of reward.
* **SHMI** : He knows nothing of greed. He has...
* **QUI-GON** : He has special powers.
* **SHMI** : Yes...
* **QUI-GON** : He can see things before they happen. That's why he appears to have such quick reflexes. It is a Jedi trait.
* **SHMI** : He deserves better than a slave's life.
* **QUI-GON** : The Force is unusally strong with him, that much is clear. Who was his father?
* **SHMI** : There was no father, that I know of...I carried him, I gave him birth...I can't explain what happened. Can you help him?
* **QUI-GON** : I'm afraid not. Had he been born in the Republic, we would have identified him early, and he would have become Jedi, no doubt...he has the way. But it's too late for him now, he's too old.

*EXT. MOS ESPA - SLAVE QUARTERS - BACK YARD - DAY*

> KITSTER (a young boy about Anakin's age), SEEK (a boy of ten), AMEE (a girl of six), and WALD (a Greedo Type, six years old) join ANAKIN, JAR JAR, **ARTOO**, and PADME securing some wiring.

* **ANAKIN** : Padme and Jar Jar, this is my friend Kitster, and seek, Amee and Wald.
* **KITSTER** : Wow, a real Astro Droid...how'd you get so lucky?
* **ANAKIN** : This isn't the half of it. I'm entered in the Boonta Race tomorrow!
* **KITSTER** : What? With this??
* **WALD** :(subtitled) Annie, Jesko na joka. 9You are such a joke, Annie.)
* **AMEE** :You've been working on that thing for years. It's never going to run.
* **SEEK** :Come on, let's go play ball. Keep it up, Annie, and you're gonna be bug squash.
* **ANAKIN** : Hey! Jar Jar! Stay away from those energy binders...
* **JAR JAR** : Who, mesa?
* **ANAKIN** : If your hand gets caught in that beam, it will go numb for hours.
* **JAR JAR** : Ouch-dats muy bigo Oucho. (Gibberish)
* **KITSTER** : But you don't even know if this thing will run.
* **ANAKIN** : It will.
* **QUI-GON** : I think it's time we found out. Use this power charge.
* **ANAKIN** : Yes, sir!!

*EXT. SLAVE QUARTERS - BALCONY - NIGHT*

* **QUI-GON** : Sit still, Annie. Let me clean this cut.
* **ANAKIN** : There are so many! Do they all have a system of planets?
* **QUI-GON** : Most of them.
* **ANAKIN** : Has anyone been to them all?
* **QUI-GON** : (laughs) Not likely.
* **ANAKIN** : I want to be the first one to see them all... Ouch!
* **QUI-GON** : There, good as new...
* **SHMI** : (O.S.) Annie, bedtime!
* **ANAKIN** : What are you doing?
* **QUI-GON** : Checking your blood for infections.
* **ANAKIN** : I've never seen...
* **SHMI** : (O.S.) Annie! I'm not goiung to tell you again!
* **QUI-GON** : Go on, you have a big day tomorrow. (beat) Goodnight.
* **QUI-GON** : (Cont'd) Obi-Wan...
* **OBI-WAN** : Yes, Master.
* **QUI-GON** : Make an analysis of this blood sample I'm sending you.
* **OBI-WAN** : Wait a minute...
* **QUI-GON** : I need a midi-chlorian count.
* **OBI-WAN** : All right. I've got it.
* **QUI-GON** : What are your readings?
* **OBI-WAN** : Something must be wrong with the transmission.
* **QUI-GON** : Here's a signal check.
* **OBI-WAN** : Strange. The transmission seems to be in good order, but the reading's off the chart...over twenty thousand.
* **QUI-GON** : (almost to himself) That's it then.
* **OBI-WAN** : Even Master Yoda doesn't have a midi-chlorian count that high!
* **QUI-GON** : No Jedi has.
* **OBI-WAN** : What does it mean?
* **QUI-GON** : I'm not sure.

*EXT. MOS ESPA - SLAVE QUARTERS - BACK YARD - SUNRISE*

> As the twin suns rise, **ARTOO** is busy painting the racing Pod. ANAKIN is asleep. PADME passes **ARTOO**.

* **PADME** : I hope you're about finished.

> **ARTOO** whistles a positive reply. PADME sees KITSTER riding toward them on an EOPIE, a strange camel-lile creature. He is leading a second EOPIE behind him. PADME goes over to ANAKIN. He looks very vulnerable as he sleeps. She watches him, then touches him on the cheek. ANAKIN wakes up, yawns, and looks at her, a little puzzled.

* **ANAKIN** : You were in my dream...you were leading a huge army into battle.
* **PADME** : I hope not; I hate fighting. Your mother wants you to come in and clean up. We have to leave soon.
* **ANAKIN** : Hook 'em up, Kitster. (to Padme) I won't be long. Where's Qui-Gon?
* **PADME** : He and Jar Jar left already. They're with Watto at the arena.

*INT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - MAIN HANGER - DAY*

* **WATTO** : ...I want to see your spaceship the moment the race is over.
* **QUI-GON** : Patienc, my blue friend. You'll have your winnings before the suns set, and we'll be far away from here.
* **WATTO** : Not if your ship belongs to me, I think...I warn you, no funny business.
* **QUI-GON** : You don't think Anakin will win?
* **WATTO** : Don't get me wrongo. I have great faith in the boy. He's a credit to your race, but Sebulba there is going to win, I think.
* **QUI-GON** : Why?
* **WATTO** : He always wins. (laughs) I'm betting heavily on Sebulba.
* **QUI-GON** : I'll take that bet.
* **WATTO** : (suddenly stops laughing) What??!! What do you mean?
* **QUI-GON** : I'll wager my new racing pod against...say...the boy and his mother.
* **WATTO** : A Pod for slaves. I don't think so...well, poerhaps. Just one...the mother, maybe...the boy isn't for sale.
* **QUI-GON** : The boy is small, he can't be worth much.
* **QUI-GON** : (Cont'd) For the fastest Pod ever built?!
* **QUI-GON** : (Cont'd) Both, or no bet.
* **WATTO** : No Pod's worth two slaves...not by a long shot...one slave or nothing.
* **QUI-GON** : The boy, then...
* **WATTO** : We'll let fate decide. Blue it's the boy, red his mother...
* **WATTO** : (Cont'd) You won the small toss, outlander, bou you won't win the race, so...it makes little difference.

> ANAKIN and PADME enter the hanger on one of the EOPIES, pulling an engine. KITSTER, on the other EOPIE, is pulling another engine. With THREEPIO walking alongside, **ARTOO** trundles behind, pulling the Pod with SHMI sitting on it. WATTO passes ANAKIN as he leaves.

* **WATTO** : (Cont'd) (subtitled) Bonapa keesa pateeso, o wanna meetee chobodd. (Better stop your friends betting, or I'll end up owning him, too.)
* **ANAKIN** : What did he mean by that?
* **QUI-GON** : I'll tell you later.

> **ARTOO** beeps at THREEPIO.

* **THREEPIO** : Oh my! Space travel sounds rather perilous.

> **ARTOO** emits a series of beeps.

* **THREEPIO** : I can assure you they will never get me onto one of those dreadful starships!
* **KITSTER** : (to Anakin) This is so wizard! I'm sure you'll do it this time, Annie.
* **PADME** : Do what?
* **KITSTER** : Finish the race, of course!
* **PADME** : You've never won a race?
* **ANAKIN** : Well...not exactly...
* **PADME** : Not even finished?!
* **ANAKIN** : ...but Kitster's right, I will this time.
* **QUI-GON** : Of course you will.

*INT. MOS ESPA - ARENA ANNOUNCER'S BOX - DAY*

*FODE/BEED :*

* **A** : Toogi! Toogie! (Greetings) Toong mee cha kulkah du Boonta magi! tah oos azalus ooval Poddraces. (We have perfect weather today for the Boonta classic. The most hazardous of all Podraces.)
* **B** : That's absolutly right. And a big turnout here, from all corners of the Outer Rim territories. I see the contestants are making their way out onto the starting grid.

*EXT. MOS ESPA - DESERT RACE ARENA - DAY*

*FODE/BEED :* - (O.S)

* **A** : La Yma beestoo (Yes, there they are!)
* **B** : I see Ben Quadinaros from the Tund system.
* **A** : ...eh Gasgano doowa newpa Ord Petrovia! (And Gasgano in thenew Ord Pedrovia.)
* **B** : Two time winner, Boles Roor...
* **A** : Poo tula moosta, woe grane champio Sebulba du Pixelito! Splastyleeya bookie ookie!! (On the front line the reigning champion, Sebulba from Pixelito. By far the favorite today.)
* **B** : And a late entry, Anakin Skywalker, a local boy.
* **A** : Wampa peedunkee unko ( I hope he has better luck this time.)
* **B** : I see the flaggers are moving onto the track.

*EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - ROYAL BOX - DAY*

*FODE/BEED :*

* **A** : O grandio lust, Jabba Du Hutt, amu intoe tah parena. (His honor, our glorious host, Jabba the Hutt has entered the arena.)
* **JABBA** : (subtitled) Chowbaso! Tam ka chee Boonta rulee ya, kee madda hodrudda du wundee. (Welcome!) Sebulba tuta Pixelito...

*EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - STARTING GRID - DAY*

* **SHMI** : Be safe.
* **ANAKIN** : I will, Mom. I promise.
* **JABBA** : ...Mawhonic tuta Hok, Teemto Pagalies tuta Moonus Mandel, Anakin Skywalker tuta Tatoonine....

> The CROWD YELLS. ANAKIN waves to the crowd, as JABBA continues with his introductions. SEBULBA moves over to one of Anakin's engines. KITSTER and JAR JAR unhitch the EOPIES, and KITSTER leads them away. **ARTOO** beeps that everything is OK. JAR JAR pats ANAKIN on the back.

* **JAR JAR** : Dis berry loony, Annie. May da guds be kind, mesa palo.
* **PADME** : You carry all our hopes.
* **ANAKIN** : I won't let you down.
* **SEBULBA** : Bazda wahota, shag. Dobiella Nok. Yoka to Bantha poodoo. 9You won't walk away from this one, slave scum! You're Bantha poodoo.)
* **ANAKIN** : (subtitled) Cha skrundee da pat, sleemo. (Don't count on it, slime-ball.)
* **JABBA** : (sutitled)...Ka bazza kundee hodrudda! (...Let the challenge begin!)
* **QUI-GON** : Are you all set, Annie? (Anakin nods) Remember,concentrate on the moment. Feel. Don't think. Trust your instincts. (he smiles) May the Force be with you.

*EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - STARTING GRID - DAY*

* **JAR JAR** : Mesa no watch. Dissen ganna be messy!

*FODE/BEED :*

* **A** : Ya pawa culka doe rundee! (The power couplings are being activated)
* **B** : Hey, it looks like they're clearing the grid.

*EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - VIEWING PLATFORM - DAY*

* **SHMI** : Is he nervous?
* **QUI-GON** : He's fine.
* **PADME** : You Jedi are far too reckless. The Queen...
* **QUI-GON** : The Queen trusts my judgment, young handmaiden. You should too.
* **PADME** : You assume too much.

*EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA ANNOUNCER'S BOX - DAY*

*FODE/BEED :*

* **B** : Start your engines.

*EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - STARTING GRID - DAY*

*FODE/BEED :*

* **A** : An dare ovv! (And they're off!)
* **B** : Oh...wait. Little Skywalker has stalled.

*FODE/BEED :*

* **B** : And there goes Skywalker... He'll be hard pressed to catch up with the leaders today.

*EXT. MOS ESPA - RACETRACK - DAY*

*FODE/BEED :* -

* **B** : Looks like a few Tusken Riaders have campe out on the canyon dune turn.

*EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - VIEWING PLATFORM - DAY*

* **JAR JAR** : Where's Skywalker?

> FANTA moves the view screen out of Jar Jar's view. PADME, SHMI and QUI-GON watch another screen and look worried. **ARTOO**, down in the pits with KITSTER, lets out a worried sigh. The driver of the quadra-Pod looks worried.

*EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - VIEWING PLATFORM - DAY*

> KITSTER strains to see as **ARTOO** beeps excitedly. The announcer continues.

*FODE/BEED :* - (O.S)

* **B** : There goes Quadinaros' power couplings.
* **A** : Sebulba! Ka pa me cheespa wata! (Here comes Sebulba in record time.)
* **JAR JAR** : What gooie-on?
* **FANTA** : Bug off.
* **JAR JAR** : He musta crash-ud.
* **PADME** : Here he comes!

*EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - PIT AREA - DAY*

> **ARTOO** lets out an excited whistle, as KITSTER yells.

* **THREEPIO** : He has to complete two more circuits? Oh dear!

*EXT. MOS ESPA - RACETRACK - DAY*

*FODE/BEED :*

* **B** : It looks like Skywalker is moving up through the field. He's in...
* **A** : Steeth pa nagoola! (Sixth place, not bad.)

*FODE/BEED :*

* **A** : Ody Mandrell! Coona wa wunda dunko! (Ody Mandrell into the pits for some attention.)
* **ODY** : Droids!

*FODE/BEED :*

* **B** :At the start of the third and final lap, Sebulba is in the lead, closely followed by Skywalker...

*FODE/BEED :*

* **B** : Skywalker is forced onto the service ramp!
* **A** : Oh noah!

*FODE/BEED :*

* **B** : Amazing... a controlled thrust and he's back on course! What a move!

*FODE/BEED :*

* **B** : He's catching Sebulba.
* **A** : Inkabunga. (Incredible!)

*FODE/BEED :*

* **B** : That little human being is out of his mind.
* **A** : Punda tah punda! (They're neck and neck!)
* **B** : They're side by side!
* **A** : Bongo du bongu! (Shoulder to shoulder!)

> **ARTOO** and KITSTER whistle hysterically. QUI-GON and SHMI smile. ANAKIN races over the finish line, the winner.

*INT. MOS ESPA - ARENA ANNOUNCERS BOX - DAY*

*FODE/BEED :*

* **B** : It's Skywalker! The crowd are going nuts! Oh Ah Oh Ah (rock head in tandem with partner)

*INT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - PRIVATE BOX - DAY*

* **WATTO** : You! You swindled me! You knew the boy was going to win! Somehow you knew it! I lost everything.
* **QUI-GON** : Whenever you gamble, my freind, eventually you'll lose. Bring the parts to the main hanger. I'll come by your shop later so you can release the boy.
* **WATTO** : You can't have him! It wasn't a fair bet!
* **QUI-GON** : Would you like to discuss it with the Hutts...I'm sure they can settle this.
* **WATTO** : No, no! I want no more of your tricks! Take him!

*INT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - MAIN HANGER - DAY*

* **ANAKIN** : Ah, gee...enough of this...
* **SHMI** : It's so wonderful, Annie. You have brought hope to those who have none. I'm so very proud of you...
* **PADME** : We owe you everything.
* **ANAKIN** : Just feeling this good was worth it.
* **QUI-GON** : Padme. Jar Jar, let's go, we've got to get these parts back to the ship.

> **ARTOO** whistles. ANAKIN and SHMI
wave as they ride off.

* **QUI-GON** : (Cont'd) I'll return the eopies by midday.

*EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - NABOO SPACECRAFT - DAY*

> **ARTOO** cruises ahead of QUI-GON and PADME, who are riding one of the EOPIES; JAR JAR ridses the other. They stop in front of the sleek Naboo spacecraft. OBI-WAN comes out of the ship and joins them.

* **QUI-GON** : Start getting this hyperdrive generator installed. I'm going back...some unfinished business. I won't be long.
* **OBI-WAN** : Why do I sense we've picked up another pathetic life form...?
* **QUI-GON** : It's the boy who's responsible for getting those parts.

*EXT. TATOOINE - STREET - SLAVE QUARTERS - DAY*

* **QUI-GON** : What's this?
* **ANAKIN** : He said I cheated.
* **QUI-GON** : Did you?
* **ANAKIN** : No!
* **QUI-GON** : Do you still think he cheated?
* **GREEDO** : Yes.
* **QUI-GON** : Well, Annie. You know the truth... You will have to tolerate his opinion, fighting won't change it.
* **WALD** :Keep this up, Greedo, and you're gonna come to a bad end.
* **QUI-GON** : These are yours. We sold the Pod.
* **ANAKIN** : (suddenly beaming) Yes!

*INT. ANAKIN'S HOVEL - MAIN ROOM - DAY*

* **ANAKIN** : Mom, he sold the Pod. Look at all the money we have!
* **SHMI** : Oh, my goodness, That's wonderful.
* **QUI-GON** : And Anakin has been freed.
* **ANAKIN** : What?!?
* **QUI-GON** : You're no longer a slave.
* **ANAKIN** : Did you hear that, Mom? (to Qui-Gon) Was that part of the prize, or what?
* **QUI-GON** : Let's just say Watto has learned an important lesson about gambling.
* **SHMI** : Now you can make your dreams come true, Annie. You're free! (turns to Qui-Gon) Will you take him with you? Is he to become a Jedi?
* **QUI-GON** : Our meeting was not a coincidence. Nothing happens by accident. You are strong with the Force, but you may not be accepted by the Coucil.
* **ANAKIN** : A Jedi! Mighty blasters, you mean I get to go with you in your starship and everything?!
* **QUI-GON** : Anakin, training to be a Jedi will not be a easy challenge. And if you succeed, it will be a hard life.
* **ANAKIN** : But it's what I want. What I've always dreamed about. Can I go, Mom?!
* **QUI-GON** : This path has been placed for you, Annie; the choice to take it is yours alone.
* **ANAKIN** : I want to go.
* **QUI-GON** : Then, pack your things. We haven't much time.
* **ANAKIN** : Yipee!!
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) What about Mom? Is she free too? You're coming, aren't you, Mom
* **QUI-GON** : I tried to free your mother, Annie, but Watto wouldn't have it.
* **ANAKIN** : But the money from selling...
* **QUI-GON** : It's not nearly enough.
* **SHMI** : Son, my place is here. My future is here. It is time for you to let go...to let go of me. I cannot go with you.
* **ANAKIN** : I want to stay with you. I don't want things to change.
* **SHMI** : You can't stop change any more than you can stop the suns from setting. Listen to your feelings; Annie, you know what's right.
* **ANAKIN** : I'm going to miss you so much, Mom...
* **SHMI** : I love you, Annie...now hurry.
* **SHMI** : (Cont'd) Thank you.
* **QUI-GON** : I will watch after him. You have my word. Will you be all right?
* **SHMI** : He was in my life for such a short time.

*INT. ANAKIN'S HOVEL - SECOND ROOM - DAY*

* **ANAKIN** : Well, Threepio, I'm free...and I'm going away...in a starship...
* **THREEPIO** : Master, Annie, you are my maker, and I wish you well. Although I'd like it better if I were a little less naked.
* **ANAKIN** : I'm sorry I wasn't able to finish you, Threepio...give you coverings and all... I'm going to miss working on you. You've been a great pal. I'll make sure Mom doesn't sell you or anything. Bye.
* **THREEPIO** : Sell me?!?

*EXT. MOS ESPA - STREET - SLAVE QUARTERS - DAY*

* **KITSTER** : There are so many of us who want you to stay, Annie... You're a hero.
* **ANAKIN** : I... (looks to SHMI) I... have to go.
* **KITSTER** : Well.
* **ANAKIN** : Well.
* **KITSTER** : Thank's for every moment you've been here. You're my best friend.
* **ANAKIN** : I won't forget.
* **ANAKIN** : (starting to cry) I can't do it, Mom. I just can't.
* **SHMI** : Annie, remember when you climbed the great dune in order to chase the Banthas away so they wouldn't be shot... Remember how you collapses several times, exhausted thinking you couldn't do it?
* **SHMI** : (Cont'd) This is one of those times when you have to do something you don't think you can do. I know how strong you are, Annie. I know you can do this...
* **ANAKIN** : Will I ever see you again?
* **SHMI** : What does your heart tell you?
* **ANAKIN** : I hope so...yes...I guess.
* **SHMI** : Then we will see each other again.
* **ANAKIN** : I.. will become a Jedi and I will come back and free you, Mom...I promise.
* **SHMI** : No matter where you are, my love will be with you. Now be brave, and don't look back... don't look back.
* **ANAKIN** : I love you so much.

*EXT. MOS ESPA - STREET - FRUIT STAND - DAY*

* **ANAKIN** : I've been freed, and I'm going away. Buy yourself a cooling unit with this... Otherwise I'll worry about you.
* **JIRA** : Can I give you a hug
* **ANAKIN** : Sure.
* **JIRA** : I'll miss you, Annie.. there isn't a kinder boy in the galaxy. You be careful...
* **ANAKIN** : What is it?
* **QUI-GON** : Probe droid. Very unusual... not like anything I've seen before. Come on.

*EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - NABOO SPACECRAFT - DAY*

* **ANAKIN** : Master Qui-Gon,sir, wait!
* **QUI-GON** : Anakin, drop!
* **QUI-GON** : (Cont'd) Annie, get to the ship! Take off! Go! Go!

*INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - HALLWAY*

* **ANAKIN** : Qui-Gon's in trouble. He says to take off...now!!
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : Who are you?
* **PADME** : He's a friend.

*INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - COCKPIT*

* **CAPT. PANAKA** : Qui-Gon is in trouble, he says to take off!
* **PILOT** : I don't see anything.
* **OBI-WAN** : Over there! Fly low!

*INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - HALLWAY*

> **ARTOO** is looking over him. The JEDI is breathing
hard, wet with sweat and covered in dirt.

* **ANAKIN** : Are you all right?
* **QUI-GON** : I think so... that was a surpirse I wont soon forget.
* **OBI-WAN** : What was it?
* **QUI-GON** : I don't know... but he was well trained in the Jedi arts. My guess is he was after the Queen...
* **ANAKIN** : Do you think he'll follow us?
* **QUI-GON** : We'll be safe enough once we're in hyperspace, but I have no doubt he knows our destination.
* **ANAKIN** : What are we going to do about it?
* **QUI-GON** : We will be patient. Anakin Skywalker, meet Obi-Wan Kenobi.
* **ANAKIN** : Pleased to meet you. Wow! You're a Jedi too?

*INT. COCKPIT - SPACE*

* **QUI-GON** : Let's hope this hyperdrive works and Watto didn't get the last laugh.

*INT. NABOO PALACE - THRONE ROOM - THEED - NIGHT*

* **NUTE** : When are you going to give up this pointless strike? Your Queen is lost, your people are starving, and you, Governor, are going to die, much sooner than your people, I'm afraid. Take him away!
* **BIBBLE** :This invasion will gain you nothing. We're a democracy. The people have decided... They will not live under your tyranny.
* **OOM-9** : My troops are in position to begin searching the swamps for these rumored underwater villages... they will not stay hidden for long.

*INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - MAIN AREA*

> **ARTOO** is to one side, cooing as he
rests.

* **PADME** : Are you all right?
* **ANAKIN** : It's very cold.
* **PADME** : You're from a warm planet, Annie. Too warm for my taste. Space is cold.
* **ANAKIN** : You seem sad.
* **PADME** : The Queen is...worried. Her people are suffering...dying. She must convince the Senate to intervene, or...I'm not sure what will happen.
* **ANAKIN** : I'm...I'm not sure what's going to happen to me. I dunno if I'll ever see you again.. (he pulls something from his pocket) I made this for you. Sou you'd remember me. I carved it out of a japor snippet... It will bring you good fortune.
* **PADME** : It's beautiful, but I don't need this to remember you. Many things will change when we reach the capital, Annie. My caring for you will always remain.
* **ANAKIN** : I care for you too. Only I...miss...
* **PADME** : ...You miss your mother.

*INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - COCKPIT*

* **RIC OLIE** : Coruscant...the capital of the Republic...the entire planet is one big city.
* **ANAKIN** : Wow! It's so huge!

*EXT. CORUSCANT - SENATE LANDING PLATFORM - DAY*

* **PALPATINE** : It is a great gift to see you alive, Your Majesty. May I present Supreme Chancellor Valorum.
* **VALORUM** : Welcome, Your Highness. It is an honor to finally meet you in person. I must relay to you how distressed everyone is over the currant situation. I've called for a special session of the Senate to hear your position.
* **AMIDALA** : I am grateful for your concern, Chancellor.
* **PALPATINE** : There is a question of precedure, but I feel confident we can overcome it...
* **JAR JAR** : Da Queens- a bein grossly nice, mesa tinks. (he looks around) Pitty hot!
* **QUI-GON** : I must speak with the Jei Council immediately, Your Honor. The situation has become more complicated.

*INT. PALPATINE'S QUARTERS - ANTEROOM - DAY*

* **JAR JAR** : Dissen all pitty odd to my.
* **ANAKIN** : Don't look at me. I don't know what's going on.

*INT. PALPATINE'S QUARTERS - LIVING AREA - DAY*

* **PALPATINE** : ...the Republic is not what it once was. The Senate is full of greedy, squabbling delegates who are only looking out for themselves and their home sytems. There is no interest in the common good...no civility, only politics...its disgusting. I must be frank, Your Majesty, there is little chance the Senate will act on the invasion.
* **AMIDALA** : Chancellor Valorum seems to think there is hope.
* **PALPATINE** : If I may say so, Your Majesty, the Chancellor has little real power...he is mired down by baseless accusations of corruption. A manufactured scandal surrounds him. The bureaucrats are in charge now.
* **AMIDALA** : What options do we have?
* **PALPATINE** : Our best choice would be to push for the election of a stronger Supreme Chancellor. One who will take control of the bureaucrats, enforces the laws, and give us justice. You could call for a vote of no confidence in Chancellor Valorum.
* **AMIDALA** : He has been our strongest supporter. Is there any other way?
* **PALPATINE** : Our only other choice would to be to submit a plea to the courts...
* **AMIDALA** : There's no time for that. The courts take even longer to decide things than the Senate. Our people are dying, Senator...more and more each day. We must do something quickly to stop the Federation.
* **PALPATINE** : To be realistic, Your Highness, I'd say we're going to have to accept Federation control for the time being.
* **AMIDALA** : There is something I cannot do.

*INT. TEMPLE OF THE JEDI - COUNCIL CHAMBERS - DAY*

* **QUI-GON** : ...my only conclusion can be that it was a Sith Lord.
* **MACE WINDU** : A Sith Lord?!?
* **KI-ADI** : Impossible! The Sith have been extinct for a millenium.
* **YODA** : The very Republic is threatened, if involved the Sith are.
* **MACE WINDU** : I do not believe they could have returned without us knowing.
* **YODA** : Hard to see, the dark side is. Discover who this assassin is, we must.
* **KI-ADI** : I sense he will reveal himself again.
* **MACE WINDU** : This attack was with purpose, that is clear, and I agree the Queen is the target.
* **YODA** : With this Naboo queen you must stay, Qui-Gon. Protect her.
* **MACE WINDU** : We will use all our resources here to unravel this mystery and discover the identity of your attacker... May the Force be with you.
* **YODA** : May the Force be with you.
* **YODA** : (Cont'd) Master Qui-Gon more to say have you?
* **QUI-GON** : With your permission, my Master. I have encountered a vergence in the Force.
* **YODA** : A vergence, you say?
* **MACE WINDU** : Located around a person?
* **QUI-GON** : A boy... his cells have the highest concentration of midi-chlorians I have seen in a life form. It is possible he was conceived by the midi-chlorians.
* **MACE WINDU** : You're referring to the prophesy of the one who will bring balance to the Force...you believe it's this boy??
* **QUI-GON** : I don't pressume...
* **YODA** : But you do! Rrevealed your opinion is.
* **QUI-GON** : I request the boy be tested.
* **YODA** : Trained as a Jedi, you request for him?
* **QUI-GON** : Finding him was the will of the Force...I have no doubt of that. There is too much happening here...
* **MACE WINDU** : Bring him before us, then.
* **YODA** : Tested he will be.

*INT. QUEENS QUARTERS - CORUSCANT - DAY*

* **GUARD** : May I help you, son?
* **ANAKIN** : I'm...I'm looking for the handmaiden, Padme.
* **GUARD** : The boy is here to see Padme.
* **RABE** : Send him in.
* **ANAKIN** : I'd like to speak with Padme, if I could.
* **RABE** : I'm sorry, Annie. Padme is not here right now.
* **AMIDALA** : (O.S.) Who is it?
* **RABE** : Anakin Skywalker, to see Padme, Your Highness.
* **AMIDALA** : I've sent Padme on an errand.
* **ANAKIN** : I'm going to the Jedi temple to start my training, I hope.
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) I may not see her again...and... I just wanted to say goodbye.
* **AMIDALA** : We will tell her for you. We're sure her heart goes with you.
* **ANAKIN** : Thank you, Your Highness. I'm sorry to have disturbed you.

*INT. MAIN ROTUNDA - GALACTIC SENATE - DAY*

* **PALPATINE** : If the Federation moves to defer the motion...Your Majesty, Ibeg of you to ask for a resolution to end this congressional session.
* **AMIDALA** : I wish I had your confidence in this, Senator.
* **PALPATINE** : You must force a new election for Supreme Chancellor...I promise you there are many who will support us...it is our best chance... Your Majesty, our only, chance.
* **AMIDALA** : You truely believe Chancellor Valorum will not bring our motion to a vote?
* **c** : He is distracted...he is afraid. He will be of no help.
* **VALORUM** : The Chair recognizes the Senator from the sovereign system of Naboo.
* **PALPATINE** : Supreme Chancellor, delegates of the Senate. A tragedy has occured on our peaceful system of Naboo. We have become caugt in a dispute you're all well aware of, which began right here with the taxation of trade routes, and has now engulfed our entire planet in the oppresion of the Trade Federation.
* **LOTT DOD** : This is outrageous! I object to the Senator's statements!
* **VALORUM** : The Chair does not recognize the Senator from the Trade Federation at this time. Please return to your station.
* **PALPATINE** : To state our allegations, I present Queen Amidala, the recently elected ruler of Naboo, to speak on our behalf.
* **AMIDALA** : Honorable representatives of the Republic, distinguished delegates, and Your Honor Supreme Chancellor Valorum, I come to you under the gravest of circumstances. The Naboo system has been invaded by force. Invaded...against all the laws of the Republic by the Droid Armies of the Trade...
* **LOTT DOD** : I object! There is no proof. This is incredible. We recommend a commision be sent to Naboo to assertain the truth.
* **VALORUM** : Overruled.
* **LOTT DOD** : Your Honor, you cannot allow us to be condemned without reasonable observation. It's against all the rules of procedure.
* **AKS MOE** : The Congress of Malastare concurs with the honorable delegate from the Trade Federation. A commision must be appointed...that is the law.
* **VALORUM** : The point...
* **PALPATINE** : Enter the bureaucrats, the true rulers of the Republic, and on the payroll of the Trade Federation, I might add. This is where Chancellor Valorum's strength will dissapear.
* **VALORUM** : The point is conceded...Section 523A take precedence here. Queen Amidala of the Naboo, will you defer your motion to allow a commission to explore the validity of your accusations?
* **AMIDALA** : (angrily) I will not defer...I have come before you to resolve this attack on our sovereignty now. I was not elected to watch my people suffer and die while you discuss this invasion in a committee. If this body is not capable of action, I suggest new leadership is needed. I move for a "vote of no confidence"...in Chancellor Valorum's leadership.
* **VALORUM** : What?...No!
* **MAS AMEDDA** : Order! We shall have order...
* **BAIL ORGANA** : Alderaan seconds the motion for a vote of no confidence in Chancellor Valorum.
* **MAS AMEDDA** : The motion has been seconded by Bail Organa of Alderaan.
* **BAIL ORGANA** : There must be no delays. The motion is on the floor and must be voted upon in this session.
* **LOTT DOD** : The Trade Federation moves the motion be sent to the procedures committee for study.
* **ASSEMBLY** : Vote now! Vote now! Vote now!
* **PALPATINE** : You see, Your Majaesty, the tide is with us...Valorum will be voted out, I assure you, and they will elect in a new Chancellor, a strong Chancellor, one who will not let our tragedy continue...
* **MAS AMEDDA** : Thew Supreme Chancellor requests a recess. Tomorrow we will begin the vote.
* **VALORUM** : Palpatine, I thought you were my ally...my friend. You have betrayed me! How could you do this?

*EXT. PALACE OF THE JEDI - BALCONY - SUNSET*

* **OBI-WAN** : The boy will not pass the Council's tests, Master, and you know it. He is far too old.
* **QUI-GON** : Anakin will become A Jedi...I promise you.
* **OBI-WAN** : Don't defy the Council, Master..not again.
* **QUI-GON** : I will do what I must.
* **OBI-WAN** : Master, you could be sitting on the Council by now if you would just follow the code. They will not go along with you this time.
* **QUI-GON** : You still have much to learn, my young apprentice.

*INT. PALACE OF THE JEDI - COUNCIL CHAMBERS - SUNSET*

* **ANAKIN** : A ship...a cup...a speeder.
* **YODA** : Good, good, young one. How feel you?
* **ANAKIN** : Cold, sir.
* **YODA** : Afraid are you?
* **ANAKIN** : No, sir.
* **MACE WINDU** : Afraid to give up your life?
* **ANAKIN** : I don't think so.
* **YODA** : See through you, we can.
* **MACE WINDU** : Be mindful of your feelings...
* **KI-ADI** : YOur thoughts dwell on your mother.
* **ANAKIN** : I miss her.
* **YODA** : Afraid to lose her..I think.
* **ANAKIN** : (a little angry) What's that got to do with anything?
* **YODA** : Eveything. Fear is the path to the dark side... fear leads to anger... anger leads to hate.. hate leads to suffering.
* **ANAKIN** : (angrily) I am not afraid!
* **YODA** : A Jedi must have the deepest commitment, the most serious mind. I sense much fear in you.
* **ANAKIN** : (quietly) I am not afraid.
* **YODA** : Then continue, we will.

*INT. PALPATINES QUARTERS - SUNSET*

* **JAR JAR** : Mesa wonder why da guds invent pain?
* **AMIDALA** : To motivate us, I imagine...
* **JAR JAR** : Yousa tinken yousa people ganna die?
* **AMIDALA** : I don't know.
* **JAR JAR** : Gungans ganna get pasted too, eh?
* **AMIDALA** : I hope not.
* **JAR JAR** : Gungans do die'n without a fight.... wesa warriors. Wesa gotta grand army. Dat why you no liken us, metinks.
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : Your Highness, Senator Palpatine has been nominated to succeed Valorum as Supreme Chancellor.
* **PALPATINE** : A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one. I promise, Your Majesty, if I am elected, I will bring democracy back to the Republic. I will put an end to corruption. The Trade Fedreation will lose its influence over the bureaucrats, and our people will be freed.
* **AMIDALA** : Who else can be nominated?
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : Bail Antilles of Alderaan and Ainlee Teem of Malastare.
* **PALPATINE** : I feel confident...our "situation" will create a strong sympaphy vote for us... I will be Chancellor, I promise you.
* **AMIDALA** : I fear by the time you have control of the bureaucrats, Senator, there will be nothing left of our cities, our people, our way of life...
* **PALPATINE** : I understand your concern, Your Majesty; unfortunately, the Federation has possession of our planet. The law is in their favor.
* **AMIDALA** : With the Senate in transition, there is nothing more I can do here...Senator, this is your arena. I feel I must return to mine. I have decided to go back to Naboo. My place is with my people.
* **PALPATINE** : Go back!! But, Your Majesty, be realistic! You would be in danger. They will force you to sign the treaty.
* **AMIDALA** : I will sign no treaty, Senator. My fate will be no different from that of our people. Captain!
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : Yes, Your Highness?
* **AMIDALA** : Ready my ship!
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : Please, Your Majesty, stay here...where it's safe.
* **AMIDALA** : No place is safe, if the Senate doesn't condemn this invasion. It is clear to me now that the Republic no longer functions as a democracy. If you win the election, Senator, I know you will do everything possible to stop the Federation. I pray you will bring sanity and compassion back to the Senate.

*INT. TEMPLE OF THE JEDI - COUNCIL CHAMBERS - TWILIGHT*

* **YODA** : ...Correct you were, Qui-Gon.
* **MACE WINDU** : His cells contain a high concentration of midi-chlorians.
* **KI-ADI** : The Force is strong with him.
* **QUI-GON** : He's to be trained, then.
* **MACE WINDU** : No. He will not be trained.
* **QUI-GON** : No??!!
* **MACE WINDU** : He is too old. There is already too much anger in him.
* **QUI-GON** : He is the chosen one...you must see it.
* **YODA** : Clouded, this boy's future is. Masked by his youth.
* **QUI-GON** : I will trin him, then. I take Anakin as my Padawan learner.
* **YODA** : An apprentice, you have, Qui-Gon. Impossible, to take on a second.
* **MACE WINDU** : We forbid it.
* **QUI-GON** : Obi-Wan is ready...
* **OBI-WAN** : Iam ready to face the trials.
* **YODA** : Ready so early, are you? What know you of ready?
* **QUI-GON** : Headstrong....and he has much to learn about the living Force, but he is capabe. There is little more he will learn from me.
* **YODA** : Our own council we will keep on who is ready. More to learn, he has...
* **MACE WINDU** : Now is not the time for this...the Senate is voting for a new Supreme Chancellor. Queen Amidala is returning home, which will put pressure on the Federation, and could widen the confrontation.
* **YODA** : And draw out the Queen's attacker.
* **KI-ADI** : Events are moving fast...too fast.
* **MACE WINDU** : Go with the Queen to Naboo and discover the identity of the dark warrior. That is the clue we need to unravel this mystery of the Sith.
* **YODA** : Young Skywalker's fate will be decided later.
* **QUI-GON** : I brought Anakin here; he must stay in my charge. He has nowhere else to go.
* **MACE WINDU** : He is your ward, Qui-Gon...we will not dispute that.
* **YODA** : Train him not. Take him with you, but train him not!
* **MACE WINDU** : Protect the Queen, but do not intercede if it comes to war until we have the Senate's approval.
* **YODA** : May the Force be with you.

*EXT. CORUSCANT - SENATE LANDING PLATFORM - NIGHT*

> **ARTOO** whistles a happy tune as he leans over the edge of the platform, watching the traffic.

* **OBI-WAN** : It is not disrespect, Master, it is the truth.
* **QUI-GON** : From your point of view....
* **OBI-WAN** : The boy is dangerous...they all sense it. Why can't you?
* **QUI-GON** : His fate is uncertain, not dangerous. The Council will decide Anakin's future...that should be enough for you. Now get on board!

> OBI-WAN reluctantly boards the Naboo spacecraft followed by **ARTOO**. QUI-GON goes over to ANAKIN.

* **ANAKIN** : Master Qui-Gon, sir, I do not wish to be a problem.
* **QUI-GON** : You won't be, Annie....I'm not allowed to train you, so I want you to watch me and be mindful...always remember, your focus determines your reality. Stay close to me and you will be safe.
* **ANAKIN** : Master, sir...I've been wondering...what are midi-chlorians?
* **QUI-GON** : Midi-chlorians are a microcopic lifeform that reside within all living cells and communicates with the Force.
* **ANAKIN** : They live inside of me?
* **QUI-GON** : In your cells. We are symbionts with the midi-chlorians.
* **ANAKIN** : Symbionts?
* **QUI-GON** : Life forms living together for mutual advantage. Without the midi-chlorians, life could not exist, and we would have no knowledge of the Force. They continually speak to you, telling you the will of the Force.
* **ANAKIN** : They do??
* **QUI-GON** : When you learn to quiet your mind, you will hear them speaking to you.
* **ANAKIN** : I don't understand.
* **QUI-GON** : With time and training, Annie...you will.
* **QUI-GON** : (Cont'd) Your Highness, it is our pleasure to continue to serve and protect you.
* **AMIDALA** : I welcome your help. Senator Palpatine fears the Federation means to destroy me.
* **QUI-GON** : I promise you, I will not let that happen.
* **JAR JAR** : Wesa goen home!

*INT. NABOO PALACE - THRONE ROOM - THEED - NIGHT*

* **DARTH SIDIOUS** : The Queen is on her way to you. I regret she is of no further use to us. When she gets there, destroy her.
* **NUTE** : Yes, my Lord.
* **DARTH SIDIOUS** : Viceroy, is the planet secure?
* **NUTE** : Yes, my Lord, we have taken over the last pockets of primitive life forms. We are in complete control of the planet now.
* **DARTH SIDIOUS** : Good. I will see to it that in the Senate, things stay as they are. I am sending Darth Maul to join you. He will deal with the Jedi.
* **NUTE** : Yes, my Lord.
* **RUNE** : A Sith lord here with us?!!

*INT. SPACE - NABOO SPACECRAFT COCKPIT*

* **ANAKIN** : ...and that one?
* **RIC OLIE** : The forward stabalizer.
* **ANAKIN** : And those control the pitch?
* **RIC OLIE** : You catch on pretty quick.

*INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - QUEEN'S CHAMBERS*

* **CAPT. PANAKA** : The moment we land the Federation will arrest you, and force you to sign the treaty.
* **QUI-GON** : I agree...I'm not sure what you hope to accomplish by this.
* **AMIDALA** : I'm going to take back what's ours.
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : There are only twelve of us, Your Highness....we have no army.
* **QUI-GON** : I cannot fight a war for you, Your Highness, only protect you.
* **AMIDALA** : Jar Jar Binks!
* **JAR JAR** : Mesa, Your Highness?
* **AMIDALA** : Yes. I need your help.

*INT. NABOO CRUISER COCKPIT - DAY*

* **CAPT. PANAKA** : The blockade's gone.
* **OBI-WAN** : The war's over...No need for it now.
* **RIC OLIE** : I have one battleship on my scope.
* **OBI-WAN** : A droid control ship.
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : They've probably spotted us.
* **OBI-WAN** : We haven't much time.

*INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - MAIN HOLD*

* **ANAKIN** : Hi! Where have you been?
* **PADME** : Annie! What are you doing here?
* **ANAKIN** : I'm with Qui-Gon...but...they're not going to let me be a Jedi. I'm too old.
* **PADME** : This is going to be dangerous, Annie.
* **ANAKIN** : Is it? I can help... Where are we going?
* **PADME** : To war, I'm afraid. The Queen has had to make the most difficuld decision of her life. She doesn't believe in fighting, Annie. We are a peaceful people...
* **ANAKIN** : I want to help...I'm glad you're back.

*EXT. NABOO SWAMP - DAY*

* **OBI-WAN** : Jar Jar is on his way to the Gungan city, Master.
* **QUI-GON** : Good.
* **OBI-WAN** : Do you think the Queen's idea will work?
* **QUI-GON** : The Gungans will not easily be swayed, and we cannot use our power to help her.
* **OBI-WAN** : I'm...I'm sorry for my behavior, Master. It is not my place to disagree with you about the boy. I am grateful you think I am ready for the trials.
* **QUI-GON** : You have been a good apprentice. You are much wiser than Iam, Obi-Wan. I foresee you will become a great Jedi Knight.

*INT. OTOH GUNGA - CITY SQUARE*

* **JAR JAR** : Ello! Where das everybody?

*EXT. NABOO SWAMP LAKE - DAY*

* **JAR JAR** : Dare-sa nobody dare. All gone. Some kinda fight, I tink. Sorry, no Gungas...no Gungas.
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : Do you think they have been taken to camps?
* **OBI-WAN** : More likely they were wiped out.
* **JAR JAR** : No...mesa no tink so. Gungan hiden. When in trouble, go to sacred place. Mackineeks no find them dare.
* **QUI-GON** : Do you know where they are?

*EXT. NABOO SWAMP - DAY*

* **JAR JAR** : Dissen it.
* **JAR JAR** : (Cont'd) Heyo-dalee, Captain Tarpals.
* **CAPT. TARPALS** : Binks!! Noah gain!
* **JAR JAR** : We comen to see da boss.
* **CAPT. TARPALS** : Ouch time, Binks... Ouch time for all-n youse.

*EXT. NABOO SACRED TEMPLE RUINS - DAY*

> JAR JAR, QUEEN AMIDALA, ANAKIN, **ARTOO**, QUI-GON, OBI-WAN, PADME, RABE, EIRTAE, and the rest of her group are led through a clearing full of GUNGAN refugees.

* **BOSS NASS** : Jar Jar, yousa payen dis time. Who's da uss-en others??
* **AMIDALA** : I am Queen Amidala of the Naboo...I come before you in peace.
* **BOSS NASS** : Naboo biggen. Yousa bringen da Mackineeks... Dya busten uss-enomm. Yousa all bombad. Yousa all die'n, mesa tink.
* **AMIDALA** : We wish to form an alliance...
* **PADME** : Your Honor...

> **ARTOO** whistles a quiet "uh oh."

* **BOSS NASS** : Whosa dis?
* **PADME** : I am Queen Amidala (points to Queen) This is my decoy...my protection...my loyal bodyguard.
* **PADME** : (Cont'd) ...I am sorry for my deception, but under the circumstances it has become necessary to protect myself. Although we do not always agree, Your Honor, our two great societies have always lived in peace...until now. The Trade Federation has destroyed all that we have worked so hard to build. You are in hiding, my people are in camps. If we do not act quickly, all will be lost forever...I ask you to help us...no, I beg you to help us.
* **PADME** : (Cont'd) We are your humble servants...our fate is in your hands.
* **BOSS NASS** : Yousa no tinken yousa greater den da Gungans.. Mesa like dis. Maybe wesa bein friends.

*INT. NABOO PALACE - THRONE ROOM - DAY*

* **NUTE** : ...we've sent out patrols. We've already located their starship in the swamp....It won't be long, My Lord.
* **DARTH SIDIOUS** : This is an unexpected move for her. It's too aggresive.. Lord Maul, be mindful.
* **DARTH MAUL** : Yes, my Master.
* **DARTH SIDIOUS** : Be patient... Let them make the first move.

*EXT. NABOO EDGE OF SWAMP/ GRASS PLAINS - DAY*

* **GUNGAN LOOKOUT** : Daza comen!
* **ANAKIN** : All right. They're here!
* **BOSS NASS** : Yousa doen grand. Jar Jar bringen da Naboo together.
* **JAR JAR** : Oh, no, no, no...
* **BOSS NASS** : So, wesa maken yousa Bombad General.
* **JAR JAR** : General??! Oh, no..
* **PADME** : What is the situation?
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : Almost everyone's in camps. A few hundred police and guards have formed an underground movement. I brought as many of the keaders as I could. The Federation Army's also much larger than we thought, and much stronger. Your Highness, this is a battle I do not think we can win.
* **PADME** : The battle is a diversion. The Gungans must draw theDroid Army away from the cities. We can enter the city using the secret passages on the waterfall side. Once we get to the main entrance, Captain Pnaka will create a diversion, so that we can enter the palace and capture the Viceroy. Without the Viceroy, they will be lost and confused.
* **PADME** : (Cont'd) What do you think, Master Jedi?
* **QUI-GON** : The Viceroy will be well guarded.
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : The difficulty's getting into the throne room. Once we're inside, we shouldn't have a problem.
* **QUI-GON** : There is a possibility with this diversion many Gungans will be killed.
* **BOSS NASS** : Wesa ready to do are-sa part.

> JAR JAR smiles a very worried and sheepish grin. ANAKIN watches with interest, as does **ARTOO**.

* **PADME** : We have a plan which should immobilize the Droid Army. We will send what pilots we have to knock out the Droid control ship which is orbiting the planet. If we can get past their rayshields, we can sever communication and their droids will be helpless.
* **QUI-GON** : A well-conceived plan. However, there's great risk. The weapons on your fighters may not penetrate the shields on the control ship.
* **OBI-WAN** : And there's an even bigger danger. If the Vicroy escapes, Your Highness, he will return with another droid army.
* **PADME** : That is why we must not fail to get to the Viceroy. Everything depends on it.

*INT. THEED - PALACE - THRONE ROOM - DAY*

* **DARTH SIDIOUS** : ...she is more foolish than I thought.
* **NUTE** : We are sending all available troops to meet this army of hers assembling near the swamp. It appears to be made up of primitives. We do not expect much resistance.
* **OOM-9** : I am increasing security at all Naboo detention camps.
* **DARTH MAUL** : I feel there is more to this, My Master. The two Jedi may be using the Queen for their own purposes.
* **DARTH SIDIOUS** : The Jedi cannot become involved. They can only protect the Queen. Even Qui-Gon Jinn will not break that conenant.... This will work to
our advantage...
* **NUTE** : I have your approval to proceed then, My Lord.
* **DARTH SIDIOUS** : Proceed. Wipe them put...all of them.

*INT. NABOO SWAMP LAKE - DAY*

* **GENERAL CEEL** : Energize the shields.

*EXT. THEED - CENTRAL PLAZA - DAY*

> PADME, followed by EIRTAE, OBI-WAN, QUI-GON, ANAKIN, and **ARTOO**, stealthily makes her way toward the entrance to the main hanger.

* **QUI-GON** : Once we get inside, Annie, you find a safe placeto hide and stay there.
* **ANAKIN** : Sure.
* **QUI-GON** : And stay there!

*INT. THEED - PALACE THRONE ROOM - DAY*

* **NUTE** : I thought the battle was going to take place far from here...this is too close!
* **RUNE** : What is going on?
* **DARTH MAUL** : I told you there was more to this...the Jedi are involved.

*INT. THEED - CENTRAL HANGER - DAY*

* **PADME** : Get to your ships!

> The PILOTS and **ARTOO** UNITS run for the Naboo fighter craft stacked in the hanger bay.

* **FIGHTER PILOT** : Better find a new hiding place, kid. I'm taking this ship.

> **ARTOO** whistles to ANAKIN from a second fighter not far away.

*INT. THEED - CENTRAL HANGER - DAY*

* **PADME** : My guess is the Viceroy is in the throne room.
* **QUI-GON** : I agree.

> **ARTOO** whistles a greeting as ANAKIN peeps out of the
cockpit.

* **ANAKIN** : Hey! Wait for me.
* **QUI-GON** : No, Annie, you stay there. Stay right where you are.
* **ANAKIN** : But, I...
* **QUI-GON** : Stay in that cockpit.
* **QUI-GON** : (Cont'd) We'' handle this...

> **ARTOO** calls ANAKIN's attention to the DROIDS. The JEDI begin to fight the Sith Lord.

* **ANAKIN** : Oh, no...
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) We gotta do something, **ARTOO**.

> **ARTOO** whistles a reply.

* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) All right, thanks **ARTOO**! Great idea! I'll take over. Let's see...
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) Where's the trigger? Oops, wrong one.. Maybe this one....

> **ARTOO** whistles a cheer.

* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) Yeah, all right. "Droid blaster." Yeah!
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) Oops...shield up! Always on the right...shields always on the right.
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) I know we're moving. I'll shut the energy drive down.

> The fighter rockets out of the hanger. **ARTOO** and ANAKIN hold on for dear life.

* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) Oops!! Wrong one.

> **ARTOO** beeps.

* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) I'm not doing anything!

> **ARTOO** beeps.

* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) I know...I didn't push anything.

*INT. NABOO STARFIGHTER - COCKPIT - SPACE*

* **RIC OLIE** : Bravo Flight A, take on the fighters. Flight B, make the run on the transmitter.
* **BRAVO TWO** : Roger, Bravo Leader.
* **RIC OLIE** : Enemy fighters straight ahead!

*INT. NABOO STARFIGHTER - COCKPIT - SPACE*

> **ARTOO** beeps a worried concern.

* **ANAKIN** : The Autopilot is searching for what other ships?

> **ARTOO** beeps and whistles.

* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) There is no manual override, **ARTOO**. You'll have to rewire it or something.

> **ARTOO** chirps that he's trying.

* **ANAKIN** : (cont'd) Look! There they are! That's where the autopilot is taking us.

*INT. THEED - PALACE - HALLWAY - DAY*

* **PADME** : We don't have time for this, Captain.
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : Let's try the outside stairway.

*EXT . NABOO GRASS PLAINS DAY*

* **GENERAL CEEL** : Retreat! Retreat!

*INT. NABOO STARFIGHTER - COCKPIT - SPACE*

* **ANAKIN** : Whoo, boy! This is tense!
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) : Oops! **ARTOO**, get us off Autopilot!

> **ARTOO** screams a reply.

* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) I've got control?
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) Okay, let's go left!
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) Yes...I've got control. You did it, **ARTOO**!

> **ARTOO** beeps

* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) Go back!?! Qui-Gon told me to stay in this cockpit and that's what I'm gonna do. Now c'mon!
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) Oops! Whoa!
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) I'll try spinning, that's a good trick.

> ANAKIN rolls the ship as **ARTOO** screams desperately.

* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) I know we're in trouble! Hang on! The way out of this mess is the way we got into it.

> **ARTOO** beeps a reply.

* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) Which one? This one?

*INT. NABOO STARFIGHTER - COCKPIT - SPACE*

* **RIC OLIE** : Bravo flight...go for the central bridge.
* **BRAVO TWO** : ROger, Bravo Leader.
* **RIC OLIE** : Their deflector shield is too strong. We'll never get through it.

> Meanwhile, ANAKIN is being chased by another fighter. **ARTOO** shrieks.

* **ANAKIN** : I know, **ARTOO**! This isn't Podracing!

> **ARTOO** screams.

* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) We're hit!
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) Great gobs of bantha poo-doo!

> **ARTOO** beeps.

* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) I'm trying to stop! I'm trying to stop! Whoa!

> **ARTOO** givesout a worried whistle.

* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) All right! All right! Get the system started!
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) Everything's overheated. All the lights are red.

> **ARTOO** sees DROIDS appraoching, and beeps frantically.

*INT. THEED - PALACE - HALLWAY TO THRONE ROOM*

* **PADME** : Throw down your weapons. They win this round.
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : But we can't....
* **PADME** : Captain, I said throw down your weapons.

*EXT. NABOO GRASS PLAINS - DAY*

* **JAR JAR** : Dissa bad, berry bombad.
* **GENERAL CEEL** : Mesa hopen dissa working for da Queen.

*INT. THED - PALACE THRONE ROOM - DAY*

* **NUTE** : Your little insurrection is at an end, Your Highness. Time for you to sign the treaty...and end this pointless debate in the Senate.
* **SABE** : I will not be signing any treaty, Viceroy, because you've lost!
* **NUTE** : After her! This one is a decoy!
* **NUTE** : (Cont'd) Your Queen will not get away with this.
* **PADME** : Now, Viceroy, this is the end of your occupation here.
* **NUTE** : Don't be absurd. There are too few of you. It won't be long before hundreds of destroyer droids break in to rescue us.

*INT. THEED - POWER GENERATOR - MELTING PIT*

* **OBI-WAN** : Master! Master!
* **QUI-GON** : It is too late...It's...
* **OBI-WAN** : No!
* **QUI-GON** : Obi-Wan promise...promise me you'll train the boy...
* **OBI-WAN** : Yes, Master...
* **QUI-GON** : He is the chosen one...he will...bring balance...train him!

*INT. NABOO STARFIGHTER - COCKPIT - FEDERATION HANGER*

* **ANAKIN** : Uh oh. This is not good.
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) The systems are still overheated, **ARTOO**.

> The BATTLE DROID CAPTAIN walks up to the ship and sees **ARTOO**.

* **BATTLE DROID CAPTAIN** : Where's your pilot?

> **ARTOO** beeps a reply.

* **BATTLE DROID CAPTAIN** : (Cont'd) You're the pilot?

> **ARTOO** whistles.

* **BATTLE DROID CAPTAIN** : (Cont'd) Let me see your identification!
* **ANAKIN** : Yes...we have ignition.
* **BATTLE DROID CAPTAIN** : (seeing Anakin) You! Come out of there or we'll blast you!
* **ANAKIN** : Not if I can help it! Shields up!

> **ARTOO** beeeps.

* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) This should stop them.
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) ...and take this!
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) Darn...I missed!
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) Let's get out of here!
* **ANAKIN** : (Cont'd) Now, this is Podracing! Whoopee!

*INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - BRIDGE*

* **TEY HOW** : Sir, we're losing power... There is some problem with the main reactor...
* **DOFINE** : Impossible!! I don't...

*INT. NABOO FIGHTER - COCKPIT - SPACE*

* **BRAVO TWO** : What's that?? It's blowing up from the inside.
* **RIC OLIE** : I don't know, we didn't hit it.
* **BRAVO THREE** : Look! One of ours! Outta the main hold!!

*EXT. NABOO GRASS PLAINS - DAY*

* **JAR JAR** : Wierdind...

*EXT. THEED - CENTRAL HANGER - DAY*

> ANAKIN and **ARTOO** follow the squad of yellow Naboo starfighters into the main hanger.

*INT. THEED - CENTRAL HANGER - DAY*

* **BRAVO TWO** : He flew into the hold, behind the deflector shield and blasted the main reactor...
* **BRAVO THREE** : Amazing... They don't teach that in the academy.
* **RIC OLIE** : We're all accounted for. Who flew that ship?
* **ANAKIN** : I'm not going to get into trouble, am I?

> **ARTOO** beeps. oh. oh.

*INT. MAIN HANGER - COURTYARD - DAY*

* **PADME** : Now, Viceroy, you are going to have to go back to the Senate and explain all this.
* **CAPT. PANAKA** : I think you can kiss your Trade franchise goodbye.
* **AMIDALA** : Congratulations on youer election, Chancellor. It is so good to see you again.
* **PALPATINE** : It's good to be home. Your boldness has saved our people, Your Majesty. It is you who should be congratulated. Together we shall bring peace and prosperity to the Republic.

*INT. TURRET ROOM - NABOO PALACE - LATE DAY*

* **YODA** : Confer on you, the level of Jedi Knight the Coucil does. But agree on you taking this boy as your Padawan learner, I do not.
* **OBI-WAN** : Qui-Gon believed in him. I believe in Qui-Gon.
* **YODA** : The Chosen One the boy may be; nevertheless, grave danger I fear in his training.
* **OBI-WAN** : Master Yoda, Igave Qui-Gon my word. I will train Anakin. Without the approval of the Council if I must.
* **YODA** : Qui-Gon's defiance I sense in you. Need that, you do not. Agree, the council does. Your apprentice, young Skywalker will be.

*EXT. THEED - CENTRAL PLAZA - FUNERAL TEMPLE STEPS - SUNSET*

* **OBI-WAN** : He is one with the Force, Anakin...You must let go.
* **ANAKIN** : What will happen to me now?
* **OBI-WAN** : I am your Master now. You will become a Jedi, I promise.
* **MACE WINDU** : There is no doubt. The mysterious warrior was a Sith.
* **YODA** : Always two there are....no more...no less. A maste and an apprentice.
* **MACE WINDU** : But which one was destroyed, the master or the apprentice?

*EXT. THEED - CENTRAL PLAZA - DAY*

> **ARTOO** stands in front of the QUEEN'S HANDMAIDENS and whistles at the parade. QUEEN AMIDALA and PALPATINE
smile at one another

## END