# Star Wars: Episode 5: The Empire strikes back

## EXT. PLAIN OF HOTH - DAY

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Echo Three to Echo Seven.  Han, old buddy, do you read me?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : (over comlink) Loud and clear, kid.  What's up?
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Well, I finished my circle.  I don't pick up any life readings.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : (over comlink) There isn't enough life on this ice cube to fill a space cruiser.  The sensors are placed, I'm going back.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Right.  I'll see you shortly.  There's a meteorite that hit the ground near here.  I want to check it out.  It won't take long.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Hey, steady girl.  What's the matter?  You smell something?
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Aaargh!

## INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK

* **HAN** to **X_X** : Chewie!

> **CHEWBACCA** grumbles a reply.

* **HAN** to **X_X** : All right, don't lose your temper.
I'll come right back and give you a hand.

> **CHEWBACCA** puts his mask back on and returns to his welding as Han leaves.

## INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER

* **RIEEKAN** to **X_X** : Solo?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : No sign of life out there, General. The sensors are in place.  You'll know if anything comes around.
* **RIEEKAN** to **X_X** : Commander Skywalker reported in yet?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : No.  He's checking out a meteorite that hit near him.
* **RIEEKAN** to **X_X** : (indicates radar screen) With all the meteor activity in this system, it's going to be difficult to spot approaching ships.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : General, I've got to leave.  I can't stay anymore.
* **RIEEKAN** to **X_X** : I'm sorry to hear that.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Well, there's a price on my head. If I don't pay off Jabba the Hut, I'm a dead man.
* **RIEEKAN** to **X_X** : A death mark's not an easy thing to live with.  You're a good fighter, Solo.  I hate to lose you.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Thank you, General.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : (with feeling) Well, Your Highness, I guess this is it.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : That's right.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : (cooly) Well, don't get all mushy on me.
So long, Princess.

## INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - ICE CORRIDOR

* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Han!
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Yes, Your Highnessness?
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : I thought you decided to stay.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Well, the bounty hunter we ran into on Ord Mantell changed my
mind.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Han, we need you!
* **HAN** to **X_X** : We?
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Yes.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Oh, what about you need?
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : (mystified) I need?  I don't know what you're talking about.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : (shakes his head, fed up) You probably don't.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : And what precisely am I supposed to know?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Come on!  You want me to stay because of the way you feel about
me.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Yes.  You're a great help to us.
You're a natural leader...
* **HAN** to **X_X** : No!  That's not it.  Come on.  Aahhh - uh huh!  Come on.
  
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : You're imagining things.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Am I?  Then why are you following me?  Afraid I was going to leave without giving you a goodbye kiss?
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : I'd just as soon kiss a Wookiee.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : I can arrange that.  You could use a good kiss!

## INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - ANOTHER ICE CORRIDOR

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Don't try to blame me.  I didn't ask you to turn on the thermal heater.  I merely commented that it was freezing in the princess' chamber.  But it's supposed to be freezing.  How are we going to dry out all her clothes?  I really don't know.

> **ARTOO** beeps a stream of protesting whistles.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Oh, switch off.

## INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK

* **HAN** to **X_X** : (to Chewie) Why do you take this apart now? I'm trying to get us out of here and you pull both of these.

> **CHEWBACCA** grumbles in irritation.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Excuse me, sir.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : (to Chewie) Put them back together right now.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Might I have a word with you, please?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : What do you want?
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Well, it's Princess Leia, sir. She's been trying to get you on the communicator.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : I turned it off.  I don't want to talk to her.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Oh.  Well, Princess Leia is wondering about Master Luke.  He hasn't come back yet.  She doesn't know where he is.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : I don't know where he is.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Nobody knows where he is.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : What do you mean, "nobody knows"?
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Well, uh, you see...
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Deck Officer.  Deck Officer!
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Excuse me, sir.  Might I inqu...
* **DECK OFFICER** to **X_X** : Yes, sir?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Do you know where Commander Skywalker is?
* **DECK OFFICER** to **X_X** : I haven't seen him.  It's possible he came in through the south entrance.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : It's possible?  Why don't you go find out?  It's getting dark out there.
* **DECK OFFICER** to **X_X** : Yes, sir.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Excuse me, sir.  Might I inquire what's going on?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Why not?
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Impossible man.  Come along, **ARTOO**, let's find Princess Leia.  Between ourselves, I think Master Luke is in considerable danger.

## INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - MAIN ICE TUNNEL

* **DECK OFFICER** to **X_X** : Sir, Commander Skywalker hasn't come in through the south entrance. He might have forgotten to check in.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Not likely.  Are the speeders ready?
* **DECK OFFICER** to **X_X** : Not yet.  We're having some trouble adapting them to the cold.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Then we'll have to go out on Tauntauns.
* **DECK OFFICER** to **X_X** : Sir, the temperature's dropping too rapidly.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : That's right.  And my friends out in it.
* **ASSISTANT OFFICER** to **X_X** : I'll cover sector twelve.  Have com-control set screen alpha.
* **DECK OFFICER** to **X_X** : Your Tauntaun'll freeze before you reach the first marker.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Then I'll see you in hell!

## EXT. HOTH - OUTSIDE ICE HANGAR - DUSK

> **ARTOO** stands in the falling snow, beeping worriedly.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : You must come along now, **ARTOO**.  There's really nothing more we can do.  And my joints are freezing up.

> **ARTOO** beeps, long and low.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Don't say thing like that!  Of course we'll see Master Luke again. He'll be quite all right, you'll see. (to himself) Stupid little short-circuit.  He'll be quite all right.

> **ARTOO** mournfully keeps his vigil.

## INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK - ENTRANCE - NIGHT

> **ARTOO** and Threepio move through the doors.

* **LIEUTENANT** to **X_X** : Sir, all the patrols are in.
There's still no contact from Skywalker or Solo.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Mistress Leia, **ARTOO** says he's been quite unable to pick up any signals, although he does admit that his own range is far too weak to abandon all hope.
* **DERLIN** to **X_X** : Your Highness, there's nothing more we can do tonight.  The shield doors must be closed.
* **DERLIN** to **X_X** : Close the doors.
* **LIEUTENANT** to **X_X** : Yes, sir.

> **ARTOO** begins a complex series of efficient beeps.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : **ARTOO** says the chances of survival are seven hundred seventy-five...to one.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Actually, **ARTOO** has been known to make mistakes... from time to time. Oh, dear, oh, dear.  Don't worry about Master Luke.  I'm sure he'll be all right.  He's quite clever, you know... for a human being.

## EXT. HOTH - SNOW DRIFT - DUSK

* **OBI-WAN** to **X_X** : Luke... Luke.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (weakly) Ben?
* **OBI-WAN** to **X_X** : You will go to the Dagobah system.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Dagobah system?
* **OBI-WAN** to **X_X** : There you will learn from Yoda, the Jedi Master who instructed me.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (groaning faintly) Ben... Ben.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Luke!  Luke!  Don't do this, Luke.  Come on, give me a sign here.
* **HAN** to **X_X** :  Not much time.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (moaning) Ben... Ben...
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Hang on, kid.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Dagobah system...
* **HAN** to **X_X** : (reeling from the odor) Whew...
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Dagobah...
* **HAN** to **X_X** : This may smell bad, kid...
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (moaning) Yoda...
* **HAN** to **X_X** : ...but it will keep you warm... til I get the shelter built. (struggling to get Luke inside the carcass) Ooh... I thought they smelled bad on the outside!

## INT. SNOWSPEEDER COCKPIT

* **ZEV** to **X_X** : (into transmitter) Echo Base... I've got something!  Not much, but it could be a life form.

## INT. SNOWSPEEDER - COCKPIT

* **ZEV** to **X_X** : (into transmitter) This is Rogue Two.  this is Rogue Two.  Captain Solo, so you copy?  Commander Skywalker, do you copy? This is Rogue Two.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : (filtered over Zev's receiver) Good morning.  Nice of you guys to drop by.
* **ZEV** to **X_X** : (switching transmitters) Echo Base... this is Rogue Two.  I found them.  Repeat, I found them.

## INT. REBEL BASE - MEDICAL CENTER - RECOVERY ROOM

> **ARTOO** enter the room.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Master Luke, sir, it's so good to see you fully functional again.

> **ARTOO** beeps his good wishes.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : **ARTOO** expresses his relief, also.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : How are you feeling, kid?  You don't look so bad to me.  In fact, you look strong enough to pull the ears off a Gundark.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Thanks to you.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : That's two you owe me, junior.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Well your Worship, looks like you managed to keep me around for
a little while longer.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : (haughtily) I had nothing to do with it.  General Rieekan thinks it's dangerous for any ships to leave the system until we've activated the energy shield.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : That's a good story.  I think you just can't bear to let a gorgeous guy like me out of your sight.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : I don't know where you get your delusions, laser brain.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Laugh it up, fuzzball.  But you didn't see us alone in the south passage.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : She expressed her true feelings for me.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : My...!  Why, you stuck up,... half- witted... scruffy-looking ...nerf-herder!
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Who's scruffy-looking? (to Luke) I must have hit pretty close to the mark to get her all riled up like that, huh, kid?
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Why, I guess you don't know everything about women yet?
* **ANNOUNCER** to **X_X** : (over loudspeaker) Headquarters personnel, report to command center.

> **ARTOO**, and Threepio hurry out of the room, bidding farewell to Luke.

* **HAN** to **X_X** : Take it easy.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Excuse us, please.

## INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER

* **RIEEKAN** to **X_X** : Princess... we have a visitor.
* **RIEEKAN** to **X_X** : We've picked up something outside the base in zone twelve, moving east.
* **SENIOR CONTROLLER** to **X_X** : It's metal.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Then it couldn't be one of those creatures that attacked Luke.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : It could be a speeder, one of ours.
* **SENIOR CONTROLLER** to **X_X** : No.  Wait - there's something very weak coming through.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Sir, I am fluent in six million forms of communication.  This signal is not used by the Alliance.  It could be an Imperial code.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : It isn't friendly, whatever it is.  Come on, Chewie, let's check it out.
* **RIEEKAN** to **X_X** : Send Rogues Ten and Eleven to station three-eight.

## INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER

* **HAN** to **X_X** : (over comlink) Afraid there's not much left.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : (into comlink) What was it?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : (over comlink) Droid of some kind.  I didn't hit it that hard.  It must have had a self-destruct.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : (into comlink) An Imperial probe droid.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : (over comlink) It's a good bet the Empire knows we're here.
* **RIEEKAN** to **X_X** : We'd better start the evacuation.

## INT. DARTH VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE - MAIN CONTROL DECK

* **PIETT** to **X_X** : Admiral.
* **OZZEL** to **X_X** : Yes, Captain
* **PIETT** to **X_X** : I think we've got something, sir.  The report is only a fragment from a probe droid in the Hoth system, but it's the best lead we've had.
* **OZZEL** to **X_X** : (irritated) We have thousands of probe droids searching the galaxy.  I want proof, not leads!
* **PIETT** to **X_X** : The visuals indicate life readings.
* **OZZEL** to **X_X** : It could mean anything.  If we followed every lead...
* **PIETT** to **X_X** : But, sir, the Hoth system is supposed to be devoid of human forms.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : You found something?
* **PIETT** to **X_X** : Yes, my lord.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : (studying the image on the console screen) That's it.  The Rebels are there.
* **OZZEL** to **X_X** : My lord, there are so many uncharted settlements.  It could be smugglers, it could be...
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : That is the system.  And I'm sure Skywalker is with them.  Set your course for the Hoth system.  General Veers, prepare you men.

## INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - TRANSPORT BAY

* **REBEL CAPTAIN** to **X_X** : Groups seven and ten will stay behind to fly the speeders.  As soon as each transport is loaded, evacuation control will give clearance for immediate launch.
* **REBEL FIGHTER** to **X_X** : Right, sir.

## INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK

* **HAN** to **X_X** : (into comlink, to Chewie) Okay, that's it.  Try it... Off! Turn it off!  Turn it off!  Off!

## INT. REBEL BASE - MEDICAL CENTER

* **MEDICAL DROID** to **X_X** : Sir, it will take quite a while to evacuate the T-forty- sevens.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Well, forget the heavy equipment. There's plenty of time to get the smaller modules on the transports.
* **MEDICAL DROID** to **X_X** : Take care, sir.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Thanks.

## INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Chewie, take care of yourself, okay?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Hi, kid. (to droid) There's got to be a reason for it.  Check it at the other end. Wait a second. (to Luke) You all right?
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Yeah.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Be careful.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : You, too.

## INT. REBEL BASE - CONTROL ROOM

* **CONTROLLER** to **X_X** : General, there's a fleet of Star Destroyers coming out of hyperspace in sector four.
* **RIEEKAN** to **X_X** : Reroute all power to the energy shield.  We've got to hold them till all transports are away.  Prepare for ground assault.

## INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - VADER'S CHAMBER - MEDITATION CUBICLE

* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : What is it, General?
* **VEERS** to **X_X** : My lord, the fleet has moves out of light-speed.  Com-Scan has detected an energy field protecting an area around the sixth planet of the Hoth system.  The field is strong enough to deflect any bombardment.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : (angrily) The Rebels are alerted to our presence.  Admiral Ozzel came out of light-speed too close to the system.
* **VEERS** to **X_X** : He felt surprise was wiser...
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : He is as clumsy as he is stupid. General, prepare your troops for a surface attack.
* **VEERS** to **X_X** : Yes, my lord.
* **OZZEL** to **X_X** : Lord Vader, the fleet has moved out of light-speed, and we're preparing to... Aaagh!
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : You have failed me for the last time, Admiral.  Captain Piett.
* **PIETT** to **X_X** : Yes, my lord.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Make ready to land out troops beyond the energy shield and deploy the fleet so that nothing gets off that system.  You are in command now, Admiral Piett.
* **PIETT** to **X_X** : Thank you, Lord Vader.

## INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK

* **LEIA** to **X_X** : All troop carriers will assemble at the north entrance.  The heavy transport ships will leave as soon as they're loaded.  Only two fighter escorts per ship.  The energy shield can only be opened for a short time, so you'll have to stay very close to your transports.
* **HOBBIE** to **X_X** : Two fighters against a Star Destroyer?
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : The ion cannon will fire several shots to make sure that any enemy ships will be out of your flight path.  When you've gotten past the energy shield, proceed directly to the rendezvous point.  Understood?
* **PILOTS** to **X_X** : (in unison) Right.  Okay.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Good luck.
* **DERLIN** to **X_X** : Okay.  Everyone to your stations.  Let's go!

## INT. REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER

* **RIEEKAN** to **X_X** : Their primary target will be the power generators.  Prepare to open the shield.

## INT. IMPERIAL STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

* **CONTROLLER** to **X_X** : Sir, Rebel ships are coming into our sector.
* **CAPTAIN** to **X_X** : Good.  Our first catch of the day.

## INT. REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER

* **WOMAN CONTROLLER** to **X_X** : Stand by, ion control... Fire

## INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK

* **ANNOUNCER** to **X_X** : (over loudspeaker) The first transport is away.
* **DACK** to **X_X** : Feeling all right, sir?
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Just like new, Dack.  How about you?
* **DACK** to **X_X** : Right now I feel like I could take on the whole Empire myself.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (quietly, strapping in) I know what you mean.

## EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - SNOW TRENCH

* **TRENCH OFFICER** to **X_X** : Echo Station Three-T-Eight.

## INT. REBEL BASE - CORRIDOR

* **TRENCH OFFICER** to **X_X** : (over comlink) We have spotted Imperial walkers!
* **CONTROLLER** to **X_X** : Imperial walkers on the north ridge.

## INT. LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Echo station Five-Seven.  We're on our way

## INT. LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) All right, boys, keep tight now.
* **DACK** to **X_X** : Luke, I have no approach vector.  I'm not set.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Steady, Dack.  Attack pattern delta.  Go now!

## INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : All right, I'm coming in
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Hobbie, you still with me

## INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : That armor's too strong for blasters
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Rogue Group, use your harpoons and tow cables.  Go for the legs. It might be our only chance of stopping them. (to Dack) All right, stand by, Dack.
* **DACK** to **X_X** : Luke, we've got a malfunction in fire control.  I'll have to cut in the auxiliary.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Just hang on.  Hang on, Dack.  Get ready to fire that tow cable.

## INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Dack?  Dack!

## INT. IMPERIAL SNOW WALKER - COCKPIT

* **VEERS** to **X_X** : Yes, Lord Vader.  I've reached the main power generator.  The shield will be down in moments.  You may start your landing.

## INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Rogue Three.

## INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT

* **WEDGE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Copy, Rogue Leader
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (over comlink) Wedge, I've lost my gunner.  You'll have to make this shot.  I'll cover for you.  Set your harpoon.  Follow me on the next pass.
* **WEDGE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Coming around, Rogue Leader.

## INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Steady, Rogue Two

## INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT

* **WEDGE** to **X_X** : (to gunner) Activate harpoon.

## INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT

* **WEDGE** to **X_X** : (to gunner) Good shot, Janson.

## INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT

* **WEDGE** to **X_X** : One more pass.
* **JANSON** to **X_X** : Coming around.  Once more

## INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT

* **JANSON** to **X_X** : Once more.
* **JANSON** to **X_X** : Cable out!  Let her go!
* **WEDGE** to **X_X** : Detach cable.

## INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT

* **JANSON** to **X_X** : Cable detached

## EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - SNOW TRENCH

* **TRENCH OFFICER** to **X_X** : Come on!

## INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT

* **WEDGE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Whooha!  That got him!

## INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) I see it, Wedge.  Good work.

## INT. REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER

* **RIEEKAN** to **X_X** : I don't think we can protect two transports at a time.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : It's risky, but we can't hold out much longer.  We have no choice.
* **RIEEKAN** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Launch patrols.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : (to an aide) Evacuate remaining ground staff.

## INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR

* **HAN** to **X_X** : No, no!  No!  This one goes there, that one goes there.  Right?

> Threepio watches as **ARTOO** is raised up into Luke's X-wing fighter.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : **ARTOO**, you take good care of Master Luke now, understand?  And... do take good care of yourself.  Oh, dear, oh, dear.

## INT. IMPERIAL SNOW WALKER - COCKPIT

* **VEERS** to **X_X** : All troops will debark for ground assault.  Prepare to target the main generator.

## INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Rogue Two, are you all right?

## INT. ZEV'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE TWO - COCKPIT

* **ZEV** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Yeah.  I'm with you, Rogue Leader.

## INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) We'll set harpoon.  I'll cover for you.

## INT. ZEV'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE TWO - COCKPIT

* **ZEV** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Coming around.

## INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Watch that cross fire, boys.

## INT. ZEV'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE TWO - COCKPIT

* **ZEV** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Set for position three. (to gunner) Steady.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (over comlink) Stay tight and low.

## INT. LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Hobbie, I've been hit!

## INT. REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER

* **HAN** to **X_X** : You all right?
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Why are you still here?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : I heard the command center had been hit.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : You got your clearance to leave.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Don't worry.  I'll leave.  First I'm going to get you to your ship.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Your Highness, we must take this last transport.  It's our only hope.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : (to controller) Send all troops in sector twelve to the south slope to protect the fighters.
* **ANNOUNCER** to **X_X** : (over loudspeaker) Imperial troops have entered the base.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Come on... that's it.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : (to head controller) Give the evacuation code signal.  And get to your transports!
* **HEAD CONTROLLER** to **X_X** : K-one-zero... all troops disengage.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : (to Han and Leia) Oh!  Wait for me!

## EXT. BATTLEFIELD - SNOW TRENCH

* **OFFICER** to **X_X** : Begin retreat!
* **SECOND OFFICER** to **X_X** : Fall back!

## INT. IMPERIAL SNOW WALKER - COCKPIT

* **VEERS** to **X_X** : Distance to power generators?
* **PILOT** to **X_X** : One-seven, decimal two-eight.
* **VEERS** to **X_X** : Target.  Maximum fire power.

## INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - ICE CORRIDORS

* **HAN** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Transport, this is Solo.  Better take off - I can't get to you.  I'll get the princess out on the Falcon.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : But... but... but... where are you going?  Uh... come back!!

## INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - ICE CORRIDOR

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Wait!  Wait for me!  Wait!  Stop!
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : (exasperated) How typical.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Come on.

## INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR

* **HAN** to **X_X** : Hurry up, goldenrod, or you're going to be a permanent resident!
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Wait!  Wait!

## INT. MAIN HANGAR - MILLENNIUM FALCON - MAIN HOLD

* **HAN** to **X_X** : (to Chewie) How's this?
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Would it helped if I got out and pushed?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : It might.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Captain Solo, Captain Solo... sir, might I suggest that you...
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : It can wait.

## INT. MAIN HANGAR - MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

* **LEIA** to **X_X** : This bucket of bolts is never going to get us past that blockade.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : This baby's got a few surprises left in her, sweetheart.

## INT. MAIN HANGAR - MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

* **HAN** to **X_X** : Come on!  Come on!  Switch over.
Let's hope we don't have a burnout.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : See?
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Someday you're going to be wrong, and I hope I'm there to see it.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Punch it!

## EXT. HOTH - ICE SLOPE - DAY

> **ARTOO**, seated on his cubbyhole, chirps an excited greeting as Luke climbs aboard the spacecraft.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : **ARTOO**!  Get her ready for takeoff.
* **WEDGE** to **X_X** : Good luck, Luke.  See you at the rendezvous.

> **ARTOO** waits in the cubbyhole, beeping impatiently.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Don't worry, **ARTOO**.  We're going, we're going.

## INT.  LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

> concerned **ARTOO**.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) There's nothing wrong, **ARTOO**. I'm just setting a new course.

> **ARTOO** beeps once again.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) We're not going to regroup with the others.

> **ARTOO** begins a protest, whistling an unbelieving, "What?!"
> Luke reads **ARTOO**'s exclamation on his control panel.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) We're going to the Dagobah system.

> **ARTOO** chirps up.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Yes, **ARTOO**?

> **ARTOO** utters a soft, carefully phrased steam of whistles.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink, chuckling) That's all right.  I'd like to keep it on manual control for a while.

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

* **HAN** to **X_X** : (harried) I saw them!  I saw them!
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Saw what?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Star Destroyers, two of them, coming right at us.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Sir, sir!  Might I suggest...
* **HAN** to **X_X** : (to Leia) Shut him up or shut him down! (to Chewie) Check the deflector shield!

> **CHEWBACCA** barks a reply as he readjusts an overhead switch.

* **HAN** to **X_X** : Oh, great.  Well, we can still outmaneuver them.

## INT. STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

* **IMPERIAL OFFICER** to **X_X** : Take evasive action!

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

> **CHEWBACCA** barks at Han.

* **HAN** to **X_X** : Prepare to make the jump to light-
speed.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : But, sir!
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : They're getting closer!
* **HAN** to **X_X** : (with a gleam in his eye) Oh yeah?  Watch this.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Watch what?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : I think we're in trouble.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : If I may say so, sir, I noticed earlier that the hyperdrive motivator has been damaged.  It's impossible to go to light-speed!
* **HAN** to **X_X** : We're in trouble!

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD

* **HAN** to **X_X** : Horizontal boosters...!

> **CHEWBACCA** barks

* **HAN** to **X_X** : Alluvial dampers...!  Well that's not it.

> **CHEWBACCA** barks

* **HAN** to **X_X** : Bring me the hydrospanners!

> **CHEWBACCA** hurries over to the pit and places the tools on the edge.

* **HAN** to **X_X** : I don't know how we're going to get out of this one.

> **CHEWBACCA** barks.  The tools fall into the pit on top of Han.

* **HAN** to **X_X** : Oww!  Chewie!
* **HAN** to **X_X** : That was no laser blast!  Something hit us.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : (over comlink) Han, get up here!
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Come on, Chewie!

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Asteroids!
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Oh, no!  Chewie, set two-seven-
one.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : What are you doing?  You're not actually going into an asteroid field?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : They'd be crazy to follow us, wouldn't they?
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : You don't have to do this to impress me.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Sir, the possibility of successfully navigating an asteroid field is approximately three thousand, seven hundred and twenty to one.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Never tell me the odds!

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

> **CHEWBACCA** barks

* **HAN** to **X_X** : You said you wanted to be around when I made a mistake; well, this could be it, sweetheart.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : I take it back.  We're going to get pulverized if we stay out here much longer.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : I'm not going to argue with that.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Pulverized?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : I'm going in closer to one of those big ones.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Closer?
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Closer?!

> **CHEWBACCA** barks the same word, only louder.

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Oh, this is suicide!
* **HAN** to **X_X** : There.  That looks pretty good.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : What looks pretty good?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Yeah.  That'll do nicely.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : (to Leia) Excuse me, ma'am, but where are we going?

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

* **LEIA** to **X_X** : I hope you know what you're doing.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Yeah, me too.

## EXT. SPACE -  LUKE'S X-WING

> **ARTOO**, riding on the back of the fighter

## INT.  LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

> **ARTOO**'s words as they are translated and screened on the computer scope.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Yes, that's it.  Dagobah.

> **ARTOO** beeps a hopeful inquiry.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) No, I'm not going to change my mind about this. (getting a little nervous) I'm not picking up any cities or
technology.  Massive life-form readings, though.  There's something
alive down there...

> **ARTOO** beeps, this time a slightly worried question.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Yes, I'm sure it's perfectly safe for droids.

## INT.  LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

> **ARTOO** beeps and whistles frantically.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) I know, I know!  All the scopes are dead.  I can't see a thing!  Just hang on, I'm going to start the landing cycle...

> **ARTOO**'s electronic squeals

## EXT. DAGOBAH - DUSK

> **ARTOO** whistles anxiously.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : No, **ARTOO**, you stay put.  I'll have a look around.

> **ARTOO** lets out a short beep.  As Luke moves along the nose, **ARTOO** loses his balance and disappears with a splash into the boggy lake.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : **ARTOO**?

> **ARTOO**, but the water is still and reveals no sign of the little droid.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : **ARTOO**!  Where are you?
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : **ARTOO**!  You be more careful.

> **ARTOO**.  The periscope still steadily moves toward shore.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : **ARTOO** - that way!

> **ARTOO**'s metal hull.  The droid disappears from sight, uttering a pathetic electronic scream.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : **ARTOO**!
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Oh, no!  Are you all right?  Come on.  You're lucky you don't taste very good.  Anything broken?

> **ARTOO** responds with feeble, soggy beeps.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : If you're saying coming here was a bad idea, I'm beginning to agree with you.  Oh, **ARTOO**, what are we doing here?  It's like... something out of a dream, or, I don't know.  Maybe I'm just going crazy.

> **ARTOO** ejects a stream of muddy water from one of his cranial ports.

## EXT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - VADER'S CHAMBER

* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Yes, Admiral?
* **PIETT** to **X_X** : Our ships have sighted the Millennium Falcon, lord.  But... it has entered an asteroid field and we cannot risk...
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : (interrupting) Asteroids do not concern me, Admiral.  I want that ship and not excuses.
* **PIETT** to **X_X** : Yes, lord.

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

* **HAN** to **X_X** : I'm going to shut down everything but the emergency power systems.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Sir, I'm almost afraid to ask, but... does that include shutting me down, too?

> **CHEWBACCA** barks "yes".  But Han thinks otherwise.

* **HAN** to **X_X** : No, I need you to talk to the Falcon, find out what's wrong with the hyperdrive.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Sir, it's quite possible this asteroid is not entirely stable.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Not entirely stable?  I'm glad you're here to tell us these things.  Chewie, take the professor in the back and plug him into the hyperdrive.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Oh!  Sometimes I just don't understand human behavior.  After all, I'm only trying to do my job in the most...
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Let go.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Sshh!
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Let go, please.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Don't get excited.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Captain, being held by you isn't quite enough to get me excited.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Sorry, sweetheart.  We haven't got time for anything else.

## EXT. DAGOBAH - BOG CLEARING - DUSK

> **ARTOO**'s noselike socket.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Ready for some power?  Okay.  Let's see now.  Put that in there.  There you go.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (sighs) Now all I have to do is find this Yoda... if he even exists.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Still... there's something familiar about this place.  I feel like... I don't know...
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Feel like what?

> **ARTOO** screeches in terror.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (looking at the creature) Like we're being watched!
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Away with your weapon!  I mean you no harm.

> **ARTOO** watches with interest.

* **YODA** to **X_X** : I am wondering, why are you here?
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : I'm looking for someone.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Looking?  Found someone, you have, I would say, hmmm?
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (Trying to keep from smiling) Right.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Help you I can.  Yes, mmmm.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : I don't think so.  I'm looking for a great warrior.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Ahhh!  A great warrior. (laughs and shakes his head) Wars not make one great.

> **ARTOO** moves to the edge of the case

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Put that down.  Hey!  That's my dinner!
* **YODA** to **X_X** : How you get so big, eating food of this kind?
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Listen, friend, we didn't mean to land in that puddle, and if we could get our ship out, we would, but we can't, so why don't you just...
* **YODA** to **X_X** : (teasing) Aww, cannot get your ship out?
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Hey, you could have broken this.
Don't do that.  Ohhh... you're making a mess.  Hey, give me that!
* **YODA** to **X_X** : (retreating with the lamp) Mine!  Or I will help you not.

> **ARTOO**'s little arms slowly moves out toward the power lamp, completely unnoticed by the creature.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : I don't want your help.  I want my lamp back.  I'll need it to get out of this slimy mudhole.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Mudhole?  Slimy?  My home this is.

> **ARTOO** beeps a few angry, "Give me thats."

* **YODA** to **X_X** : Ah, ah, ah!
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Oh, **ARTOO**, let him have it!
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Mine!  Mine!
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : **ARTOO**!
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Mine!

> **ARTOO** reacts with a startled squeal, and lets go.

* **YODA** to **X_X** : Mine!
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (fed up) Now will you move along, little fella?  We're got a lot of work to do.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : No!  No, no!  Stay and help you, I will. (laughs) Find your friend, hmm?
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : I'm not looking for a friend. I'm looking for a Jedi Master.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Oohhh.  Jedi Master.  Yoda.  You seek Yoda.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : You know him?
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Mmm.  Take you to him, I will. (laughs) Yes, yes.  But now, we must eat. Come.  Good food.  Come.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : (in the distance) Come, come.

> **ARTOO**, very upset, whistles a blue streak of protest.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Stay here and watch after the camp, **ARTOO**.

> **ARTOO** beeps even more frantically.  But as Luke disappears from view, the worried little droid grows quieter, and utters a soft electronic sigh.

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - MAIN HOLD AREA

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Oh, where is **ARTOO** when I need him?
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Sir, I don't know where your ship learned to communicate, but it has the most peculiar dialect.  I believe, sir, it says that the power coupling on the negative axis has been polarized.  I'm afraid you'll have to replace it.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Well, of course I'll have to replace it.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Here!  And Chewie...

> **CHEWBACCA** brings his head back through the trap door in the ceiling and whines.

* **HAN** to **X_X** : (continuing) ... I think we'd better replace the negative power coupling.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Hey, Your Worship, I'm only trying to help.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : (still struggling) Would you please stop calling me that?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Sure, Leia.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Oh, you make it so difficult sometimes.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : I do, I really do.  You could be a little nicer, though. (he watches her reaction) Come on, admit it.  Sometimes you think I'm all right.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Occasionally... (a little smile, haltingly) ... when you aren't acting like a scoundrel.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : (laughs) Scoundrel?  Scoundrel?  I like the sound of that.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Stop that.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Stop what?
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Stop that!  My hands are dirty.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : My hands are dirty, too.  What are you afraid of?
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : (looking right into his eyes) Afraid?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : You're trembling.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : I'm not trembling.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : You like me because I'm a scoundrel. There aren't enough scoundrels in your life.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : I happen to like nice men.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : I'm a nice man.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : No, you're not.  You're...
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Sir, sir!  I've isolated the reverse power flux coupling.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Thank you.  Thank you very much.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Oh, you're perfectly welcome, sir.

## INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

* **NEEDA** to **X_X** : (in hologram) ... and that, Lord Vader, was the last time they appeared in any of our scopes.  Considering the amount of damage we've sustained, they must have been destroyed.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : No, Captain, they're alive.  I want every ship available to sweep the asteroid field until they are found.
* **PIETT** to **X_X** : Lord Vader.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Yes, Admiral, what is it?
* **PIETT** to **X_X** : The Emperor commands you make contact with him.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Move the ship out of the asteroid field so that we can send a clear transmission.
* **PIETT** to **X_X** : Yes, my lord.

## INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - VADER'S CHAMBER

* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : What is thy bidding, my master?
* **EMPEROR** to **X_X** : There is a great disturbance in the Force.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : I have felt it.
* **EMPEROR** to **X_X** : We have a new enemy - Luke Skywalker.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Yes, my master.
* **EMPEROR** to **X_X** : He could destroy us.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : He's just a boy.  Obi-Wan can no longer help him.
* **EMPEROR** to **X_X** : The Force is strong with him.  The son of Skywalker must not become a Jedi.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : If he could be turned, he would become a powerful ally.
* **EMPEROR** to **X_X** : Yes.  Yes.  He would be a great asset.  Can it be done?
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : He will join us or die, my master.

## EXT. DAGOBAH - CREATURE'S HOUSE - NIGHT

> **ARTOO**'s head, the stubby little droid

## INT. YODA'S HOUSE

> **ARTOO**, peeking in the window

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Look, I'm sure it's delicious.  I just don't understand why we can't see Yoda now.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Patience!  For the Jedi it is time to eat as well.  Eat, eat.  Hot.  Good food, hm? Good, hmm?
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : How far away is Yoda?  Will it take us long to get there?
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Not far.  Yoda not far.  Patience. Soon you will be with him. (tasting food from the pot) Rootleaf, I cook.  Why wish you become Jedi?  Hm?
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Mostly because of my father, I guess.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Ah, your father.  Powerful Jedi was he, powerful Jedi, mmm.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (a little angry) Oh, come on.  How could you know my father?  You don't even know who I am. (fed up) Oh, I don't know what I'm doing here.  We're wasting our time.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : (irritated) I cannot teach him.  The boy has no patience.
* **OBI-WAN** to **X_X** : He will learn patience.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Hmmm.  Much anger in him, like his father.
* **OBI-WAN** to **X_X** : Was I any different when you taught me?
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Hah.  He is not ready.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Yoda!  I am ready.  I... Ben!  I can be a Jedi.  Ben, tell him I'm ready.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Ready, are you?  What know you of ready?  For eight hundred years have I trained Jedi.  My own counsel will I keep on who is to be trained! A Jedi must have the deepest commitment, the most serious mind. (to the invisible Ben, indicating Luke) This one a long time have I watched. All his life has he looked away... to the future, to the horizon. Never his mind on where he was. Hmm?  What he was doing.  Hmph.  Adventure.  Heh!  Excitement.  Heh!  A Jedi craves not these things. (turning to Luke) You are reckless!
* **OBI-WAN** to **X_X** : So was I, if you'll remember.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : He is too old.  Yes, too old to begin the training.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : But I've learned so much.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : (sighs) Will he finished what he begins?
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : I won't fail you - I'm not afraid.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : (turns slowly toward him) Oh, you will be.  You will be.

## INT. ASTEROID CAVE - MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD AREA

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Sir, if I may venture an opinion...
* **HAN** to **X_X** : I'm not really interested in your opinion, Threepio.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : (out of breath) There's something out there.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Where?
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Outside, in the cave.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : There it is.  Listen!  Listen!
* **HAN** to **X_X** : I'm going out there.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Are you crazy?!
* **HAN** to **X_X** : I just got this bucket back together.  I'm not going to let something tear it apart.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Then I'm going with you.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : I think it might be better if I stay here and guard the ship. (hears another mysterious noise) Oh, no.

## EXT. ASTEROID CAVE - MILLENNIUM FALCON

* **LEIA** to **X_X** : This ground sure feels strange.
It doesn't feel like rock at all.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : There's an awful lot of moisture in here.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : I don't know.  I have a bad feeling about this.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Yeah.

> **CHEWBACCA** barks through his face mask

* **HAN** to **X_X** : (to Leia) Watch out!
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Yeah, that's what I thought. Mynock.  Chewie, check the rest of the ship, make sure there aren't any more attached.  They're chewing on the power cables.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Mynocks?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Go on inside.  We'll clean them off if there are any more.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Ohhh!  Go away!  Go away!  Beastly little thing.  Shoo!  Shoo!
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Wait a minute...

> **CHEWBACCA** barks and moves for the ship

## INT. ASTEROID CAVE - MILLENNIUM FALCON - ENTRY AREA

* **HAN** to **X_X** : All right, Chewie, let's get out of here!
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : The Empire is still out there. I don't think it's wise to...
* **HAN** to **X_X** : (interrupting) No time to discuss this in committee.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : (angry) I am not a committee!

## INT. ASTEROID CAVE - MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

* **LEIA** to **X_X** : You can't make the jump to light- speed in this asteroid field...
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Sit down, sweetheart.  We're taking off!

> **CHEWBACCA** barks

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Look!
* **HAN** to **X_X** : I see it, I see it.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : We're doomed!
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : The cave is collapsing.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : This is no cave.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : What?

## EXT. DAGOBAH - DAY

* **YODA** to **X_X** : Run!  Yes.  A Jedi's strength flows from the Force.  But beware of the dark side.  Anger... fear... aggression.  The dark side of the Force are they. Easily they flow, quick to join you in a fight.  If once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny, consume you it will, as it did Obi-Wan's apprentice.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Vader.  Is the dark side stronger?
* **YODA** to **X_X** : No... no... no.  Quicker, easier, more seductive.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : But how am I to know the good side from the bad?
* **YODA** to **X_X** : You will know.  When you are calm, at peace.  Passive.  A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : But tell me why I can't...
* **YODA** to **X_X** : (interrupting) No, no, there is no why.  Nothing more will I teach you today. Clear your mind of questions.  Mmm.  Mmmmmmmm.

> **ARTOO** beeps in the distance

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : There's something not right here.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : I feel cold, death.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : That place... is strong with the dark side of the Force.  A domain of evil it is.  In you must go.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : What's in there?
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Only what you take with you.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Your weapons... you will not need them.

## INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE - CONTROL DECK

* **PIETT** to **X_X** : Bounty hunters.  We don't need that scum.
* **FIRST CONTROLLER** to **X_X** : Yes, sir.
* **PIETT** to **X_X** : Those Rebels won't escape us.
* **SECOND CONTROLLER** to **X_X** : Sir, we have a priority signal from the Star Destroyer Avenger.
* **PIETT** to **X_X** : Right.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : ... there will be a substantial reward for the one who finds the Millennium Falcon.  You are free to use any methods necessary, but I want them alive.  No disintegrations.
* **BOBA FETT** to **X_X** : As you wish.
* **PIETT** to **X_X** : Lord Vader!  My lord, we have them.

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Oh, thank goodness we're coming out of the asteroid field.

> **CHEWBACCA** barks excitedly

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

* **HAN** to **X_X** : Let's get out of here.  Ready for light-speed?  One... two... three!
* **HAN** to **X_X** : (frantic) It's not fair!
* **HAN** to **X_X** : The transfer circuits are working.
It's not my fault!
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : (almost expecting it) No light-speed?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : It's not my fault.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Sir, we just lost the main rear deflector shield.  One more direct hit on the back quarter and we're done for.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Turn her around.

> **CHEWBACCA** barks in puzzlement.

* **HAN** to **X_X** : I said turn her around!  I'm going to put all power in the front shield.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : You're going to attack them?!
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Sir, the odds of surviving a direct assault on an Imperial Star Destroyer...
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Shut up!

## INT. STAR DESTROYER, AVENGER - BRIDGE

* **NEEDA** to **X_X** : They're moving to attack position!  Shields up!
* **NEEDA** to **X_X** : Track them.  They may come around for another pass.
* **TRACKING OFFICER** to **X_X** : Captain Needa, the ship no longer appears on our scopes.
* **NEEDA** to **X_X** : They can't have disappeared.  No ship that small has a cloaking device.
* **TRACKING OFFICER** to **X_X** : Well, there's no trace of them, sir.
* **COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER** to **X_X** : Captain, Lord Vader demands an update on the pursuit.
* **NEEDA** to **X_X** : (drawing a breath) Get a shuttle ready.  I shall assume full responsibility for losing them, and apologize to Lord Vader. Meanwhile, continue to scan the area.
* **COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER** to **X_X** : Yes, Captain Needa.

## EXT. DAGOBAH - BOG - DAY

* **YODA** to **X_X** : Use the Force.  Yes...

> **ARTOO**, standing nearby, is whistling and beeping frantically.

* **YODA** to **X_X** : Now... the stone.  Feel it.

> **ARTOO**'s frantic beeping, Luke loses his balance and finally collapses.  Yoda jumps clear.

* **YODA** to **X_X** : Concentrate!

> **ARTOO**, who is rocking urgently back and forth in front of him.
> **ARTOO** waddles closer to Luke

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Oh, no.  We'll never get it out now.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : So certain are you.  Always with you it cannot be done.  Hear you nothing that I say?
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Master, moving stones around is one thing.  This is totally different.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : No!  No different!  Only different in your mind.  You must unlearn what you have learned.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (focusing, quietly) All right, I'll give it a try.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : No!  Try not.  Do.  Or do not.  There is no try.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (panting heavily) I can't.  It's too big.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Size matters not.  Look at me.  Judge me by my size, do you?  Hm?  Mmmm.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : And well you should not.  For my ally in the Force.  And a powerful ally it is.  Life creates it, makes it grow.  Its energy surrounds us and binds us.  Luminous beings are we... (Yoda pinches Luke's shoulder) ... not this crude matter. (a sweeping gesture) You must feel the Force around you. (gesturing) Here, between you... me... the tree... the rock... everywhere!  Yes, even between this land and that ship!
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (discouraged) You want the impossible

> **ARTOO** beeps in terror and scoots away.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : I don't... I don't believe it.

* **YODA** to **X_X** : That is why you fail.

## INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Apology accepted, Captain Needa.
* **PIETT** to **X_X** : Lord Vader, our ships have completed their scan of the area and found nothing.  If the Millennium Falcon went into light- speed, it'll be on the other side of the galaxy by now.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Alert all commands.  Calculate every possible destination along their last know trajectory.
* **PIETT** to **X_X** : Yes, my lord.  We'll find them.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Don't fail me again, Admiral.
* **PIETT** to **X_X** : Alert all commands.  Deploy the fleet.

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Captain Solo, this time you have gone too far. (Chewie growls) No, I will not be quiet, Chewbacca. Why doesn't anyone listen to me?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : (to Chewie) The fleet is beginning to break up.  Go back and stand by the manual release for the landing claw.

> **CHEWBACCA** barks, struggles from his seat, and climbs out of the cabin.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : I really don't see how that is going to help.  Surrender is a perfectly acceptable alternative in extreme circumstances.  The Empire may be gracious enough...
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Thank you.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : What did you have in mind for your next move?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Well, if they follow standard Imperial procedure, they'll dump their garbage before they go to light-speed, then we just float away.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : With the rest of the garbage. Then what?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Then we've got to find a safe port somewhere around here.  Got any ideas?
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : No.  Where are we?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : The Anoat system.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Anoat system.  There's not much there.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : No.  Well, wait.  This is interesting.  Lando.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Lando system?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Lando's not a system, he's a man. Lando Calrissian.  He's a card player, gambler, scoundrel.  You'd like him.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Thanks.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Bespin.  It's pretty far, but I think we can make it.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : (reading from the computer) A mining colony?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Yeah, a Tibanna gas mine.  Lando conned somebody out of it.  We go back a long way, Lando and me.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Can you trust him?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : No.  But he has no love for the Empire, I can tell you that.

> **CHEWBACCA** barks over the intercom.  Han quickly changes his readouts and stretches to look out the cockpit window.

* **HAN** to **X_X** : (into intercom) Here we go, Chewie.  Stand by.
Detach!
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : You do have your moments.  Not many, but you have them.

## EXT. DAGOBAH - BOG - CLEARING - DAY

> **ARTOO** watches, humming to himself, when suddenly he, too, rises into the air.

* **YODA** to **X_X** : Concentrate... feel the Force flow.  Yes.  Good.  Calm, yes.  Through the Force, things you will see.  Other places.  The future... the past.  Old friends long gone.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Han!  Leia!

> **ARTOO** fall to the ground with a crash, then Luke himself tumbles over.

* **YODA** to **X_X** : (shaking his head) Hmm.  Control, control.  You must learn control.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : I saw... I saw a city in the clouds.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Mmm.  Friends you have there.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : They were in pain.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : It is the future you see.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Future?  Will they die?
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Difficult to see.  Always in motion is the future.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : I've got to go to them.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Decide you must how to serve them best.  If you leave now, help them you could.  But you would destroy all for which they have fought and suffered.

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

> **CHEWBACCA** barks his concern.

* **HAN** to **X_X** : (into transmitter) No, I don't have a landing permit.  I'm trying to reach Lando Calrissian.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : (into transmitter) Whoa!  Wait a minute!  Let me explain.
* **INTERCOM VOICE** to **X_X** : You will not deviate from your present course.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Rather touchy, aren't they?
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : I thought you knew this person.

> **CHEWBACCA** barks and growls at his boss.

* **HAN** to **X_X** : (to Chewie) Well, that was a long time ago. I'm sure he's forgotten about that.
* **INTERCOM VOICE** to **X_X** : Permission granted to land on Platform Three-two-seven.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : (into transmitter) Thank you.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : There's nothing to worry about. We go way back, Lando and me.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Who's worried?

## EXT. LANDING PLATFORM - DOOR OF MILLENNIUM FALCON

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Oh.  No one to meet us.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : I don't like this.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Well, what would you like?
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Well, they did let us land.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Look, don't worry.  Everything's going to be fine.  Trust me.

## EXT. LANDING PLATFORM - DOOR OF MILLENNIUM FALCON

* **HAN** to **X_X** : See?  My friend. (to Chewie) Keep your eyes open, okay?

> **CHEWBACCA** growls

## EXT. CLOUD CITY - LANDING PLATFORM

* **LANDO** to **X_X** : Why, you slimy, double-crossing, no-good swindler!  You've got a lot of guts coming here, after what you pulled.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : (laughs) How you doing, you old pirate? So good to see you!  I never thought I'd catch up with you again.  Where you been?

## EXT. LANDING PLATFORM - DOOR OF MILLENNIUM FALCON

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Well, he seems very friendly.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : (wary) Yes... very friendly.

## EXT. CLOUD CITY - LANDING PLATFORM

* **LANDO** to **X_X** : What are you doing here?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : (gestures toward the Falcon) Ahh... repairs.  I thought you could help me out.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : (in mock panic) What have you done to my ship?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Your ship?  Hey, remember, you lost her to me fair and square.

> **CHEWBACCA**  growls a reserved greeting.

* **LANDO** to **X_X** : Hello.  What have we here?  Welcome.  I'm Lando Calrissian. I'm the administrator of this facility.  And who might you be?
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Leia.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : Welcome, Leia.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : All right, all right, you old smoothie.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Hello, sir.  I am See-Threepio, human-cyborg relations.  My facilities are at your...
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Well, really!
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : What's wrong with the Falcon?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Hyperdrive.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : I'll get my people to work on it.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Good.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : You know, that ship saved my life quite a few times.  She's the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy.

## INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR

* **HAN** to **X_X** : How's the gas mine?  Is it paying off for you?
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : Oh, not as well as I'd like. We're a small outpost and not very self-sufficient.  And I've had supply problems of every kind. I've had labor difficulties... (catches Han grinning at him) What's so funny?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : You.  Listen to you - you sound like a businessman, a responsible leader.  Who'd have thought that, huh?
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : You know, seeing you sure brings back a few things.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Yeah.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : (shakes his head) Yeah.  I'm responsible these days. It's the price you pay for being successful.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Oh!  Nice to see a familiar face.
* **SECOND THREEPIO** to **X_X** : (mumbles) E chu ta!
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : How rude!

## INT. CLOUD CITY - ANTEROOM

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : That sounds like an R2 unit in there.  I wonder if...
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Hello?  How interesting.  Oh, my.
* **MAN'S VOICE** to **X_X** : (from within) Who are you?
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Oh, I'm terribly sorry.  I... I didn't mean to intrude.  No, no, please don't get up.  No!

## EXT. DAGOBAH - BOG - DUSK

> **ARTOO** sits on top of the X-wing
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Luke!  You must complete the training.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : I can't keep the vision out of my head.  They're my friends.  I've got to help them.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : You must not go!
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : But Han and Leia will die if I don't.
* **OBI-WAN** to **X_X** : You don't know that.
* **OBI-WAN** to **X_X** : Even Yoda cannot see their fate.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : But I can help them!  I feel the Force!
* **OBI-WAN** to **X_X** : But you cannot control it.  This is a dangerous time for you, when you will be tempted by the dark side of the Force.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Yes, yes.  To Obi-Wan you listen. The cave.  Remember your failure at the cave!
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : But I've learned so much since then.  Master Yoda, I promise to return and finish what I've begun. You have my word.
* **OBI-WAN** to **X_X** : It is you and your abilities the Emperor wants.  that is why your friends are made to suffer.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : And that is why I have to go.
* **OBI-WAN** to **X_X** : Luke, I don't want to lose you to the Emperor the way I lost Vader.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : You won't.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Stopped they must be.  On this all depends.  Only a fully trained Jedi Knight with the Force as his ally will conquer Vader and his Emperor.  If you end your training now, if you choose the quick and easy path, as Vader did, you will become an agent of evil.
* **OBI-WAN** to **X_X** : Patience.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : And sacrifice Han and Leia?
* **YODA** to **X_X** : If you honor what they fight for...yes!
* **OBI-WAN** to **X_X** : If you choose to face Vader, you will do it alone.  I cannot interfere.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : I understand. (he moves to his X-wing) **ARTOO**, fire up the converters.

> **ARTOO** whistles a happy reply.

* **OBI-WAN** to **X_X** : Luke, don't give in to hate - that leads to the dark side.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : Strong is Vader.  Mind what you have learned.  Save you it can.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : I will.  And I'll return.  I promise.

> **ARTOO** closes the cockpit

* **YODA** to **X_X** : (sighs) Told you, I did.  Reckless is he.  Now matters are worse.
* **OBI-WAN** to **X_X** : That boy is our last hope.
* **YODA** to **X_X** : (looks up) No.  There is another.

## INT. CLOUD CITY - LIVING QUARTERS - DAY

* **HAN** to **X_X** : The ship is almost finished. Two or Three more things and we're in great shape.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : The sooner the better.  Something's wrong here.  No one has seen or knows anything about Threepio. He's been gone too long to have gotten lost.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Relax.  I'll talk to Lando and see what I can find out.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : I don't trust Lando.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Well, I don't trust him, either. But he is my friend.  Besides, we'll soon be gone.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : And then you're as good as gone, aren't you?

## INT. CLOUD CITY - LIVING QUARTERS - DAY

* **LEIA** to **X_X** : What happened?

> **CHEWBACCA** sets the case on a table, grunting and groaning an explanation.

* **HAN** to **X_X** : Where?  Found him in a junk pile?
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Oh, what a mess.  Chewie, do you think you can repair him?

> **CHEWBACCA** shrugs sadly.

* **HAN** to **X_X** : Lando's got people who can fix him.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : No, thanks.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : I'm sorry.  Am I interrupting anything?
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Not really.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : You look absolutely beautiful. You truly belong here with us among the clouds.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : (coolly) Thank you.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : Will you join me for a little refreshment?

> **CHEWBACCA** barks at the mention of food and licks his lips.

* **LANDO** to **X_X** : Everyone's invited, of course.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : Having trouble with you droid?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : No.  No problem.  Why?

## INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR - DAY

* **LANDO** to **X_X** : So you see, since we're a small operation, we don't fall into the... uh... jurisdiction of the Empire.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : So you're part of the mining guild then?
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : No, not actually.  Our operation is small enough not to be noticed... which is advantageous for everybody since our customers are anxious to avoid attracting attention to themselves.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Aren't you afraid the Empire's going to find out about this little operation and shut you down?
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : That's always been a danger looming like a shadow over everything we've built here.  But things have developed that will insure security. I've just made a deal that will keep the Empire out of here forever.

## INT. CLOUD CITY - DINING ROOM

* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : We would be honored if you would join us.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : I had no choice.  They arrived right before you did.  I'm sorry.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : I'm sorry, too.

## INT.  LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

> **ARTOO**'s beeps and whistles are transmitted onto the scope.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) No, Threepio's with them.

> **ARTOO** whistles another worried inquiry.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Just hang on.  We're almost there.

## INT. CLOUD CITY - LARGE CELL

> **CHEWBACCA**  is going mad.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Mmmm.  Oh, my.  Uh, I, uh - Take this off!  I, uh, don't mean to intrude here.  I, don't, no, no, no... Please don't get up.  No!

> **CHEWBACCA**  looks at Threepio in bewilderment, then scratches his furry head.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Stormtroopers?  Here?  We're in danger.  I must tell the others. Oh, no!  I've been shot!

## INT. CLOUD CITY - HOLDING CHAMBER

* **LANDO** to **X_X** : Lord Vader.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : (to Fett) You may take Captain Solo to Jabba the Hut after I have Skywalker.
* **BOBA FETT** to **X_X** : He's no good to me dead.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : He will not be permanently damaged.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : Lord Vader, what about Leia and the Wookiee?
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : They must never again leave this city.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : That was never a condition of our agreement, nor was giving Han to this bounty hunter!
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Perhaps you think you're being treated unfairly.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : No.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Good.  It would be unfortunate if I had to leave a garrison here.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : This deal's getting worse all the time.

## INT. CLOUD CITY - LARGE CELL

> **CHEWBACCA**  now has a little more of Threepio back together.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Oh, yes, that's very good.  I like that.  Oh!  Something's not right because now I can't see.  Wait.  Wait!  Oh, my!  what have you done?  I'm backwards, you stupid furball.  Only an overgrown mophead like you would be stupid enough...

> **CHEWBACCA**   Barking his concern

* **HAN** to **X_X** : I feel terrible.

> **CHEWBACCA**  helps Han to a platform and then turns as the door slides open revealing Leia.

* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Why are they doing this?
* **HAN** to **X_X** : They never even asked me any questions.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Lando.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Get out of here, Lando!
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : Shut up and listen!  Vader has agreed to turn Leia and Chewie over to me.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Over to you?
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : They'll have to stay here, but at least they'll be safe.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : What about Han?
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : Vader's giving him to the bounty hunter.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Vader wants us all dead.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : He doesn't want you at all.  He's after somebody called Skywalker.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Luke?
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : Lord Vader has set a trap for him.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : And we're the bait.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : Well, he's on his way.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Perfect.  You fixed us all pretty good, didn't you? (spits it out) My friend!
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : Stop!  I've done all I can.  I'm sorry I couldn't do better, but I have my own problems.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Yeah, you're a real hero.

> **CHEWBACCA**  help him up.

* **LEIA** to **X_X** : (dabs at his wound) You certainly have a way with people.

## INT. CLOUD CITY - CARBON-FREEZING CHAMBER

* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : This facility is crude, but it should be adequate to freeze Skywalker for his journey to the Emperor.
* **IMPERIAL SOLDIER** to **X_X** : Lord Vader, ship approaching. X-wing class.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Good.  Monitor Skywalker and allow him to land.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : Lord Vader, we only use this facility for carbon freezing.  If you put him in there, it might kill him.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : I do not want the Emperor's prize damaged.  We will test it... on Captain Solo.

## INT. CLOUD CITY - CARBON-FREEZING CHAMBER

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : If only you had attached my legs, I wouldn't be in this ridiculous position.  Now, remember, Chewbacca, you have a responsibility to me, so don't do anything foolish.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : (to Lando) What's going on... buddy?
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : You're being put into carbon freeze.
* **BOBA FETT** to **X_X** : What if he doesn't survive?  He's worth a lot to me.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : The Empire will compensate you if he dies.  Put him in!
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Oh, no!  No, no, no!  Stop, Chewbacca, stop...!
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Stop, Chewie, stop!  Do you hear me?  Stop!
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Yes, stop, please!  I'm not ready to die.
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Chewie!  Chewie, this won't help me.  Hey!
* **HAN** to **X_X** : Save your strength.  There'll be another time.  The princess - you have to take care of her.  You hear me?
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : I love you!
* **HAN** to **X_X** : I know.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : What... what's going on?  Turn round, Chewbacca, I can't see.  Oh... they've encased him in carbonite.  He should be quite well-protected - if he survives the freezing process, that is.

> **CHEWBACCA**  is in no mood for technical discussion; he gives the droid an angry glance and bark.

* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Well, Calrissian, did he survive?
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : Yes, he's alive.  And in perfect hibernation.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : He's all yours bounty hunter. Reset the chamber for Skywalker.
* **IMPERIAL OFFICER** to **X_X** : Skywalker has just landed, my lord.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Good.  See to it that he finds his way here.  Calrissian, take the princess and the Wookiee to my ship.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : You said they'd be left in the city under my supervision.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : I am altering the deal.  Pray I don't alter it any further.

## INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR - DAY

> **ARTOO** lets out an excited series of beeps and whistles.  Luke glares at the tiny droid, who stops in his tracks with a feeble squeak.

* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Luke!  Luke, don't - it's a trap!  It's a trap!

> **ARTOO** trailing behind.

## INT. CLOUD CITY - ANTEROOM

> **ARTOO** scoots down the corridor toward the anteroom when suddenly a giant metal door comes slamming down

## INT. CLOUD CITY - HALLWAY LEADING TO ANTEROOM

> **ARTOO** stands with his nose pressed against the giant metal door

## INT. CLOUD CITY - CARBON-FREEZING CHAMBER

* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : The Force is with you, young Skywalker.  But you are not a Jedi yet.

## INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR

* **LANDO** to **X_X** : Well done.  Hold them in the security tower - and keep it quiet.  Move.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : What do you think you're doing?
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : We're getting out of here.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : I knew all along it had to be a mistake.

> **CHEWBACCA**  turns on Lando and starts to choke him.

* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Do you think that after what you did to Han we're going to trust you?
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : (choking) I had no choice...

> **CHEWBACCA** barks ferociously.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : (to Chewie) What are you doing?  Trust him, trust him!
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Oh, so we understand, don't we, Chewie?  He had no choice.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : I'm just trying to help...
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : We don't need any of your help.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : (choking) H-a-a-a...
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : What?
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : It sounds like Han.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : There's still a chance to save Han... I mean, at the East Platform...
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Chewie.

> **CHEWBACCA**  finally releases Lando, who fights to get his breath back.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : (to Lando) I'm terribly sorry about all this. After all, he's only a Wookiee.

## EXT. CLOUD CITY - EAST LANDING PLATFORM - BOBA FETT'S SHIP

* **BOBA FETT** to **X_X** : Put Captain Solo in the cargo hold.

## INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR

> **ARTOO** who rushes toward them, beeping wildly.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : **ARTOO**!  **ARTOO**!  Where have you been?

> **CHEWBACCA**  turns around to see the stubby droid

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Turn around, you wooly...! (to **ARTOO**) Hurry, hurry!  We're trying to save Han from the bounty hunter!

> **ARTOO** scoots along with the racing group.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Well, at least your still in one piece!  Look what happened to me!

## EXT. EAST LANDING PLATFORM - SIDE BAY

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Oh, no!  Chewie, they're behind you!

> **ARTOO** peeks out from the elevator.

## INT. CLOUD CITY - CARBON-FREEZING CHAMBER

* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : You have learned much, young one.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : You'll find I'm full of surprises.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Your destiny lies with me, Skywalker.  Obi-Wan knew this to be true.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : No!
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : All to easy.  Perhaps you are not as strong as the Emperor thought.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Impressive... most impressive.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Obi-Wan has taught you well.  You have controlled your fear... now release your anger.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Only your hatred can destroy me.

## INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR LEADING TO LANDING PLATFORM

* **LANDO** to **X_X** : The security codes has been changed!
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : **ARTOO**, you can tell the computer to override the security system.

> **ARTOO** beeps and scoots toward it

* **LANDO** to **X_X** : Attention!  This is LANDO Calrissian.  The Empire has takes control of the city.  I advise everyone to leave before more Imperial troops arrive.

> **ARTOO** takes off a computer cover and sticks his computer arm into the socket

* **LANDO** to **X_X** : This way.

> **ARTOO** sends some angry beeps Threepio's way.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Don't blame me.  I'm an interpreter. I'm not supposed to know a power socket from a computer terminal.

## INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR

> **ARTOO** works on another door to the landing platform while Threepio berates him for his seeming ineptitude.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : What are you talking about?  We're not interested in the hyperdrive on the Millennium Falcon.  It's fixed!  Just open the door, you stupid lump.
* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : (to **ARTOO**) I never doubted you for a second. Wonderful!

> **ARTOO** lays a cloud fog, obscuring everything, as the group dashes outside.

## EXT. LANDING PLATFORM - CLOUD CITY - DUSK

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Ouch!  Oh!  Ah!  That hurt.  Bend down, you thoughtless... Ow!

> **CHEWBACCA**  starts up the ship.

* **LANDO** to **X_X** : Leia!  Go!

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CORRIDOR

> **ARTOO** drags the partially assembled Threepio down the corridor of the Falcon.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : I thought that hairy beast would be the end of me.  Of course, I've looked better.

> **ARTOO** beeps understandingly.

## INT. GANTRY - OUTSIDE CONTROL ROOM - REACTOR SHAFT

* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : You are beaten.  It is useless to resist.  Don't let yourself be destroyed as Obi-Wan did.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : There is no escape.  Don't make me destroy you.  You do not yet realize your importance.  You have only begun to discover your power.  Join me and I will complete your training.  With our combined strength, we can end this destructive conflict and bring order to the galaxy.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : I'll never join you!
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : If you only knew the power of the dark side.  Obi-Wan never told you what happened to your father.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : He told me enough!  It was you who killed him.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : No.  I am your father.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : No.  No.  That's not true!  That's impossible!
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Search your feelings.  You know it to be true.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : No!  No!  No!
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Luke.  You can destroy the Emperor.
He has foreseen this.  It is your destiny.  Join me, and together we can rule the galaxy as father and son.  Come with me.  It is the only way.

## EXT. BOTTOM OF CLOUD CITY - WEATHER VANE - DUSK

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Ben... Ben, please!
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Ben.  Leia!
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Hear me!  Leia!

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Luke... We've got to go back.

> **CHEWBACCA**  growls in surprise.

* **LANDO** to **X_X** : What?
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : I know where Luke is.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : But what about those fighter?

> **CHEWBACCA** barks in agreement with Lando.

* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Chewie, just do it.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : But what about Vader?

> **CHEWBACCA**  turns on Lando, the newcomer, with an ominous growl.

* **LANDO** to **X_X** : All right, all right, all right.

## EXT. CLOUD CITY - LANDING PLATFORM

* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Bring my shuttle.

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON

* **LANDO** to **X_X** : (pointing out the cockpit window) Look, someone's up there.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : It's Luke.  Chewie, slow down. Slow down and we'll get under him. Lando, open the top hatch.

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Okay.  Easy, Chewie.

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

> **CHEWBACCA**  struggle with the controls.

* **LEIA** to **X_X** : (into intercom) Lando?
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : (over intercom) Okay, let's go.

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

> **CHEWBACCA** barks in joyous relief.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Oh, Leia.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : All right, Chewie.  Let's go.

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - SLEEPING QUARTERS

* **LEIA** to **X_X** : I'll be back.

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

* **LEIA** to **X_X** : Star Destroyer.
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : All right, Chewie.  Ready for light-speed.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : If your people fixed the hyperdrive.
* **LEIA** to **X_X** : All the coordinates are set. It's now or never.

> **CHEWBACCA** barks in agreement.

* **LANDO** to **X_X** : Punch it!
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : They told me they fixed it.  I trusted them to fix it.  It's not my fault!

> **CHEWBACCA**  gets up from his chair and starts out of the cockpit.

## INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

* **PIETT** to **X_X** : They'll be in range of our tractor beam in moments, my lord.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Did your men deactivate the hyperdrive on the Millennium Falcon?
* **PIETT** to **X_X** : Yes, my lord.
* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Good.  Prepare the boarding party and set your weapons for stun.
* **PIETT** to **X_X** : Yes, my lord.

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON

> **ARTOO** is busy connecting some wires to Threepio who now has one leg attached.
> **CHEWBACCA**  enters through the doorway, grunting to himself.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Noisy brute.  Why don't we just go into light-speed?

> **ARTOO** beeps in response.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : We can't?  How would you know the hyperdrive is deactivated?

> **ARTOO** whistles knowingly.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : The city's central computer told you?  **ARTOO**-Detoo, you know better than to trust a strange computer. Ouch! Pay attention to what you're doing!

> **CHEWBACCA**  is in the pit.

## INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Luke.

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - SLEEPING QUARTERS

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Father.

## INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Son, come with me.

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - SLEEPING QUARTERS

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (moaning) Ben, why didn't you tell me?

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

* **LANDO** to **X_X** : (into intercom) Chewie!

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : It's Vader.

## INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

* **DARTH VADER** to **X_X** : Luke... it is your destiny.

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Ben, why didn't you tell me?

## INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

* **PIETT** to **X_X** : Alert all commands.  Ready for the tractor beam.

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD

> **ARTOO** races to a control panel and starts working on a circuit board.  Furious, Threepio stands on one leg, yelling.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : **ARTOO**, come back at once!  You haven't finished with me yet! You don't know how to fix the hyperdrive.  Chewbacca can do it.  I'm standing here in pieces, and you're having delusions of grandeur!

> **ARTOO** moves a circuit on a control panel.  Suddenly, the control panel lights up.

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD

> The ship tilts up and **ARTOO** topples into the pit on top of Chewie.

* **THREEPIO** to **X_X** : Oh, you did it!

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

* **LANDO** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Luke, we're ready for takeoff.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (over comlink) Good luck, Lando
* **LANDO** to **X_X** : (into comlink) When we find Jabba the Hut and that bounty hunter, we'll contact you.

## INT. STAR CRUISER - MEDICAL CENTER

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) I'll meet you at the rendezvous point on Tatooine.

## INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

* **LANDO** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Princess, we'll find Han.  I promise.

## INT. STAR CRUISER - MEDICAL CENTER

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Chewie, I'll be waiting for your signal.

> **CHEWBACCA** 's wail comes over the comlink.

* **LUKE** to **X_X** : (into comlink) Take care, you two.  May the Force be with you.
* **LUKE** to **X_X** : Ow!

> **ARTOO** putting his arm on him.

## THE END
