{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 EXT. SPACE\
A vast sea of stars severas as a backdrop for the Main Title, following by a rollup, whcih crawls into infinity.\
\
				There is unrest in the Galactic Senate\
				Several hundred solar systems under\
				the leadership of the rebel leader, Count\
				Dooku, have decalred their intentions to\
				secede from the Republic.\
\
				This separatist movement has made it\
				difficult for the limited number of\
				Jedi Kights to maintain peace and\
				order in the galaxy.\
\
				Senator Amidala, the former Queen of\
				Naboo, is returning to Coruscant\
				to vote on the critical issue\
				of creating an army to assist the\
				overwhelmed Jedi.\
\
PAN UP to reveal the amber city planet of Coruscant. A yellow Naboo Fighter flies OVER CAMERA toward the planet, followed by a large Royal Cruiser and two more Fighters.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. CITYSCAPE, CORUSCANT - DAWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The ships skim across the surface of the city landscape. The sun glints off the chrome hulls of the sleek Naboo spacecraft as they navigate between the buildings of the capital planet.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. CORUSCANT, LANDING PLATFORM - DAWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 Two Naboo Fighters land on one leaf of a three-leaf-clover landing platform. The Royal Starship lands on the central lead, and the third Fighter lands on the remaining plaform.\
\
A small GROUP OF DIGNITARIES waits to welcome the Senator. One of the members of the group os a well dressed JAR JAR BINKS, a member of the Galactic Representative Commission, and DORME, Senator Amidala's handmaiden.\
\
One of the FIGHTER PILOTS jumps from the wing of his ship and removes his helmet. He is CAPTAIN TYPHO, SENATOR AMIDALA'S Security Officer. He moves over to a WOMAN PILOT.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 CAPTAIN TYPHO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 We made it. I guess I was wrong,\
there was no danger at all.\
\
The ramp ;pwers. TWO NABOO GUARDS appear. SENATOR AMIDALA, ONE HANDMAIDEN (VERSE) and FOUR TROOPERS descend the ramp. AMIDALA is more beautiful now than she was ten years earlier when, as Queen, she was freeing her people from the yoke of the Trade Federation.\
\
The DIGNITARIES start to move forward. SENATOR AMIDALA reaches the foot of the ramp, when suddenly there is a blinding FLASH and a huge EXPLOSION. The DIGNITARIES and PILOTS are hurled to the ground as the starship is destroyed.\
\
Klaxons blare, alarms sound! CAPTAIN TYPHO and the TWO ESCORT PILOTS get up and run to where SENATOR AMIDALA lies dying. Beyond, ARTOO DETOO drops down from the Naboo Fighter and rolls toward the wreckage. The FEMALE ESCORT PILOT kneels by SENATOR AMIDALA and takes off her helmet, revealing SENATOR PADME AMIDALA.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Cord\'e9...\
\
She gathers up her decoy double in her arms. Cord\'e9's eyes are open. She looks up at her.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				CORD\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			... I'm sorry, m'lady... I'm... not sure I... \
\
CORD\'c9 dies. PADM\'c9 hugs her.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				AMIDALA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			No!... No!... No!...\
\
PADM\'c9 lowers CORD\'c9 to the ground. She gets up and looks around at the devastation. There are tears in her eyes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				AMIDALA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I should not have come back.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				CAPTAIN TYPHO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			M'Lady, you are still in danger.\
\
Amidala says nothing.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				CAPTAIN TYPHO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			This vote is very important. You did\
			your duty and Cord\'e9 did hers. Now\
			come. (she doesn't respond) M'Lady,\
			please!\
\
She turns. They walk away. ARTOO lets out a small whimper and rolls off after them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. SENATE BUILDING - DAY \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The massive Senate Building glistens in the afternoon sun. Small patches of fog have still to burn off.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. SENATE CHAMBER - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The vast rotunda is buzzing with chatter. MAS AMEDDA, the Supreme Chancellor's majordomo, tries to quiet things down as PALPATINE confers with an AIDE, UV GIZEN, riding a small one man floating scooter.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MAS AMEDDA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Order! We shall have order! The motion\
			for the Republic to commission an army\
			takes precedent, and that is what we\
			will vote on at this time.\
\
Everything quiets down. The AIDE disperses, and SUPREME CHANCELLOR PALPATINE steps to the podium.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			...My esteemed colleagues, excuse\
			me... I have just received some\
			tragic and disturbing news. Senator\
			Amidala of the Naboo system... Has\
			been assassinated!\
\
There is a shock silence in the vast arena.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continued)\
			This grievous blow is especially\
			personal to me. Before I became\
			Chancellor, I served Amidala when\
			she was Queen. She was a great\
			leader who fought for justice, not\
			only in this honourable assembly,\
			but also on her home planet. She\
			was so loved she could have been\
			elected queen for life. She\
			believed in public service, and\
			she fervently believed in\
			democracy. Her death is a great\
			loss to us all. We will all mourn\
			her as a relentless champion of\
			freedom... and as a dear friend.\
\
There is a moment of silence. ASK AAK, the SENATOR of MALASTARE, moves his pod into the centre of the arena.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SENATOR ASK AAK\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			How many more Senators will die\
			before this civil strife ends! We\
			must confront these rebels now,\
			and they need an army to do it.\
\
A second pod moves into the centre of the area with DARSANA, the \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 AMBASSADOR OF GLEE ANSELM.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				AMBASSADOR DARSANA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Why weren't the Jedi able to stop\
			this assassination? We are no\
			longer safe, under their protection.\
\
Senator ORN FREE TAA swings forward in his pod.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ORN FREE TAA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			The Republic needs more security\
			now! Before it comes to war.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Must I remind the Senator from\
			Malastare that negotiations are\
			continuing with the separatists.\
			Peace is our objective here... not\
			war.\
\
The SENATORS yell pro and con. MAS AMEDDA tries to calm things down. SENATOR PADME AMIDALA, with CAPTAIN TYPHO, JAR JAR, and DORME, manoeuvre her pod into the centre of the vast arena.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				AMIDALA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			My noble colleagues, I concur with\
			the Supreme Chancellor. At all\
			costs, we do not want war!\
\
The Senate goes quiet, then there is an outburst of cheering and \
applause.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It is with great surprise and\
			joy the chair recognises the\
			Senator from Naboo, Padm\'e9 Amidala.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Less than an hour ago, an\
			assassination attempt was made\
			against my life. One of my\
			bodyguards and six  others were\
			ruthlessly and senselessly\
			murdered. I was the target but,\
			more importantly, I believe this\
			security measure before you, was\
			the target. I have led the\
			opposition to build an army... but\
			there is someone in this body who\
			will stop at nothing to assure it's\
			passage...\
\
Many of the SENATORS boo and yell at SENATOR AMIDALA.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			 	(continuing)\
			I warn you, if you vote to create\
			this army, war will follow. I\
			have experienced the misery of war \
			first-hand; I do not wish to do it\
			again.\
\
There is sporadic yelling for and against her statements.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Wake up, Senators... you must wake\
			up! If you offer the separatists\
			violence, they can only show us\
			violence in return! Many will\
			lose their lives. All will lose\
			their freedom. This decision\
			could very well destroy the very\
			foundation of our great Republic.\
			I pray you do not let fear push\
			you into a disastrous decision.\
			Vote down this security measure,\
			which is nothing less than a\
			declaration of war! Does anyone\
			here want that? I cannot believe\
			they do.\
\
There is an undercurrent of booing... and groaning. SENATOR ORN FREE TAA moves his pod next to AMIDALA.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ORN FREE TAA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			My motion to defer the vote must\
			be dealt with first. That is the\
			rule of law.\
\
AMIDALA looks angry and frustrated. PALPATINE gives her a sympathetic look.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Due to the lateness of the hour\
			and the seriousness of this\
			motion, we will take up these\
			matters tomorrow. Until then, the\
			Senate stands adjourned.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. EXECUTIVE QUARTERS BUILDING - DAY \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The giant towers of the Republic Executive Building seem to reach the heavens. Traffic clogs the smoggy sky.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE - DAY \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 CHANCELLOR PALPATINE sits behind his desk with TWO RED-CLAD ROYAL GUARDS on either side of the door. YODA, PLOT KOON, KI-AD-MUNDI, and MACE WINDU sit acress from him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don't know how much longer I can\
			hold off the vote, my friends.\
			More and more star systems are\
			joining the separatists.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			If they do break away -\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			No! I will not let that happen!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			But if they do, you must realise\
			there aren't enough Jedi to\
			protect the Republic. We are\
			keepers of the peace, not soldiers.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Master Yoda, do you think it will\
			really come to war?\
\
YODA closes his eyes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Worse than war, I fear... Much\
			worse. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What do you sense, Master?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Impossible to see ... The Dark Side\
			clouds everything. But this I am\
			sure of -\
				(opens his eyes)\
			Do their duty the Jedi will.\
\
A muted BUZZER SOUNDS. A hologram of an AIDE, DAR WAC, appears on the Chancellor's desk.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DAR WAC\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			The loyalist committee has arrived,\
			my Lord. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Send them in.\
\
They all stand as SENATOR AMIDALA, CAPTAIN TYPHO, JAR JAR, MAS AMEDDA, DORME, and SENATORS BAIL ORGANA, HOROX RYYDER and ORN FREE TAA enter the office. YODA and MACE WINDU move to greet the SENATOR, YODA taps AMIDALA with his cane.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			With you the force is strong...\
			young Senator. To see you alive\
			brings warm feeling to my heart.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Thank you, Master Yoda. Do you\
			have any idea who was behind\
			the attack?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Our intelligence points to\
			disgruntled spice miners, on\
			the moons of Naboo.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don't wish to disagree but I\
			think that Count Dooku was behind\
			it.\
\
There is a stir of surprise.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You know, M'Lady, Count Dooku\
			was once a Jedi. He wouldn't\
			assassinate anyone, it is not in\
			his character.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				KI-ADI-MUNDI\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			He is a political idealist, not\
			a murderer.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			In dark times nothing is what it\
			appears to be, but the fact remains\
			Senator, in grave danger you are.\
\
PALPATINE gets up, walks to the window, and looks out at the vast city.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Count Dooku has always avoided\
			any kind of conflict. It appears\
			he has no desire to start a war.\
			Why would he kill you? To what end?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don't know, but everything in my\
			being tells me he was behind it... \
\
After gazing out of the window for several moments Palpatine turns to \
Mace.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Master Jedi, may I suggest that\
			the Senator be placed under the\
			protection of your graces.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				BAIL ORGANA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Do you think that is a wise use\
			of manpower during these stressful\
			times?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Chancellor, if I may comment, I\
			do not believe the...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			..."situation is that serious."\
			No, but I do, Senator.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Chancellor, please! I don't want\
			any more guards!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I realise all too well that\
			additional security might be\
			disruptive for you, but perhaps\
			someone you are familiar with... an\
			old friend like... Master Kenobi...\
\
PALPATINE nods to MACE WINDU, who nods back.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			That's possible. He has just\
			returned from a Border dispute on\
			Ansion.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You must remember him, M'Lady...\
			he watched over you during the\
			blockade conflict.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			This is not necessary, Chancellor.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Do it for me, M'Lady, please. I\
			will rest easier. We had a big\
			scare today. The thought of\
			losing you is unbearable.\
\
AMIDALA sighs as the JEDI get up to leave.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I will have Obi-Wan report to you\
			immediately, M'Lady.\
\
YODA leans into her ear.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Too little about yourself you\
			worry, Senator, and too much about\
			politics. Be mindful of your\
			danger, Padm\'e9. Accept our help.\
\
As the JEDI leave the office, PALPATINE continues to pace behind his desk.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I will not like this Republiv, that\
			has stood for over a thousand\
			years, be split in two\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. SENATE APARTMENTS - TWILIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 A graceful skyscraper twinkles in the evening light of Coruscant.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. SENATE BUILDING, APARTMENT CORRIDOR - EVENING\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The door to the apartment slides open. JAR JAR walks into the corridor, where TWO JEDI are exiting the elevator. He recognises OBI-WAN and becomes extremely excited, jumping around, shaking his hand.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JAR JAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Obi! Obi! Obi! Mesa sooo smilen\
			to see'en yousa. Wahoooooo!\
\
OBI-WAN smiles.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It's Good to see you, too, Jar Jar.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JAR JAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Oops! Wheresa mesa manners?\
			Excuse me, Master Obi-Wan. I\
			completely forgot myself for\
			a moment there. I have had to learn\
			Diplodiaclect... speak it like a\
			native now. Don't really see the\
			point, actually, but members of\
			the Senate seem to prefer it...\
\
JAR JAR notices OBI-WAN'S APPRENTICE.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JAR JAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			...and this, I take it, is your\
			apprentice... Nooooooooo! Annie?\
			Noooooooo! Little Bitty Annie?\
				(Looks at Anakin)\
			Nooooooo! Yousa so biggen!\
			Yiyiyiyyi! Annie!! Mesa no\
			believen.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Hi, Jar Jar.\
\
JAR JAR grabs hold of ANAKIN and envelops him in a big hug.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JAR JAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Annie! Annie! Yiyiyiyiyiyiiii!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. SENATE BUILDING, APARTMENT - EVENING\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 PADME is in a conference with CAPTAIN TYPHO and DORME. JAR JAR enters the room, followed by the TWO JEDI.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JAR JAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Lookie... lookie... Oops!... Oh,\
			dear, I'm afraid I've forgotten\
			myself again.\
\
PADME and TYPHO rise as OBI-WAN and ANAKIN stop before the SENATOR. OBI-WAN steps forward. ANAKIN stares at PADME. She glances at him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It's a great pleasure to see you again,\
			M'Lady.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It has been far too long Master\
			Kenobi. I'm so glad our paths\
			have crossed again... but I must\
			warn you that I think your\
			presence here is unnecessary.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm sure the Jedi Council have\
			their reasons.\
\
She moves in front of ANAKIN\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Annie??\
				(stares)\
			My goodness you've grown.\
\
They look at each other for a long moment.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(trying to be smooth)\
			So have you... grown more\
			beautiful, I mean... and much\
			shorter... for a Senator, I mean.\
\
OBI-WAN looks disapprovingly at his apprentice. PADME laughs and shakes her head.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Oh Annie, you'll always be that\
			little boy I knew on Tatooine.\
\
This embarrasses ANAKIN, and he looks down. OBI-WAN and CAPTAIN TYPHO smile.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Our presence will be invisible,\
			M'Lady.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				CAPTAIN TYPHO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I am very grateful you are here,\
			Master Kenobi. The situation is\
			more dangerous than the Senator\
			will admit.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don't need more security, I need\
			answers. I want to know who is\
			trying to kill me.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(frowning)\
			We're here to protect you\
			Senator, not to start an\
			investigation.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			We will find out who is trying to\
			kill you Padm\'e9, I promise you.\
\
He's done it again. He bites his lip in frustration and shame. OBI-WAN gives ANAKIN a dirty look.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			We are not going to exceed our\
			mandate, my young Padawan learner.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I meant in the interest of\
			protecting her, Master, of course.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			We are not going through this\
			exercise again, Anakin. You will\
			pay attention to my lead.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Why?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What??!!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Why else do you think we were\
			assigned to her, if not to find\
			the killer? Protection is a job\
			for local security... not Jedi.\
			It's overkill, Master.\
			Investigation is implied in our\
			mandate.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			We will do as the Council has\
			instructed, and you will learn\
			your place, young one.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Perhaps with merely your presence,\
			the mysteries surrounding this\
			threat will be revealed.  Now if\
			you will excuse me I will retire.\
\
Everyone gives AMIDALA a slight bow as she and DORME leave the room.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				CAPTAIN TYPHO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Well, I know I feel a lot better\
			having you here.\
			I'll have an officer on every\
			floor and I'll be at the command\
			centre downstairs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JAR JAR \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Mesa busten wit happiness seein\
			Yousa again, Annie. Deesa bad\
			times, bombad times.\
\
Captain Typho leaves.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			She didn't even recognise me, Jar\
			Jar. I thought about her every\
			day since we parted... and she's\
			forgotten me completely.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JAR JAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Shesa happy. Happier den mesa\
			see-en her in longo time.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Anakin, you're focusing on the\
			Negative again. Be mindful of your\
			thoughts. She was glad to see us.\
			Now lets check the security here.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Yes, my master.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. JEDI TEMPLE - EVENING\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The vast Jedi Temple sits on an endless flat plain, silhouetted by a against the traffic-filled sky.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. JEDI TEMPLE, CORRIDOR - EVENING\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 MACE WINDU and YODA walk down the long hallways, silhouetted by a lit room at the end.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Why couldn't we see this attack on\
			the Senator?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Masking the future, is this\
			disturbance in the Force.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			The propecy is coming true, the\
			Dark Side is growing.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			And only those who have turned to\
			the Dark Side can sense the\
			possibilities of the future. Only\
			going through the Dark Side can we\
			see.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It's been ten years, and the Sith\
			still have no shown themselves.\
			Do you think they are behind this?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			...Out there, they are. A\
			certainty that is.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Do you think Obi-Wan's apprentice\
			will be able to bring balance to\
			the Force?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Only if he chooses to follow his\
			destiny.\
\
There is a long silence as they walk away. Only footsteps are heard.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT, BEDROOM - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 PADME is asleep in her bed, lit only by the light of the city outside her window coming through the blinds. ARTOO stands in the corner of the bedroom. His power is off.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT, MAIN R0OM - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN is standing in the living room. He is in a meditative state. It is quiet. We hear DISTANT FOOTSTEPS in the corridor outside the apartment. Suddenly ANAKIN'S eyes pop open. His eyes dart around the room. He reaches for his lightsaber, then smiles and puts it back in his belt.\
\
The door to the apartment slides open, and OBI-WAN enters.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Captain Typho has more than enough\
			men downstairs. No assassin will\
			try that way. Any activity up\
			here?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Quiet as a tomb. I don't like\
			just waiting here for something to\
			happen to her.\
\
OBI-WAN checks a palm-sized view scanner he has pulled out of his utility belt. It shows a shot of ARTOO by the door, but no sign of PADME on the bed.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What's going on?\
\
ANAKIN shrugs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			She covered that camera. I don't\
			think she liked me watching her.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What is she thinking?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			She programmed Artoo to warn us if\
			there's an intruder.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It's not an intruder I'm worried\
			about. There are many other ways\
			to kill a Senator.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I know, but we also want to catch\
			this assassin. Don't we, Master?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You're using her as bait??\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It was her idea... No harm will\
			come to her. I can sense\
			everything going on in that room.\
			Trust me.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It's too risky... and your senses\
			aren't that attuned, young\
			apprentice.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			And yours are?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Possibly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT, BEDROOM - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 As PADME sleeps, a PROBE DROID approaches outside her window. It sends out several small arms that attach to the window, creating sparks that shut down the security system. Then a large arm cuts a small hole in the glass. A FAINT SOUND is heard as the small section of glass is removed from the window.\
\
ARTOO wakes up, and his lights go on. The PROBE DROID freezes. ARTOO looks around, makes a PLAINTIVE LITTLE SOUND, then shuts down again. The PROBE DROID attaches a little tube to the window. TWO DEADLY LOOKING CENTIPEDE-LIKE KOUHUNS exit the tube, crawl through the blinds and head toward the sleeping PADME.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN and OBI-WAN continue their conversation in the main room of the apartment.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You look tired.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don't sleep well, anymore.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Because of your mother?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don't know why I keep dreaming\
			About her now. I haven't seen her\
			since I was little.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Dreams pass in time.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'd rather dream of Padm\'e9. Just\
			Being around her again is...\
			intoxicating.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Mind your thoughts, Anakin, they\
			betray you. You've made a\
			commitment to the Jedi order... a\
			commitment not easily broken...\
			and don't forget she's a\
			politician. They're not to be\
			trusted.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			She's not like the others in the\
			Senate, Master.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It's been my experience that\
			Senators are only focused on\
			pleasing those who fund their\
			campaigns... and they are more\
			than willing to forget the\
			niceties of democracy to get those\
			funds.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Not another lecture, Master. Not\
			on the economics of politics....\
			It's too early in the morning... and\
			besides, you're generalising. The\
			Chancellor doesn't appear to\
			be corrupt.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Palpatine's a politician, I've\
			observed that he is very clever at\
			following the passions and\
			prejudices of the Senators.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I think he is a good man. My\
			instincts are very positive\
			about...\
\
ANAKIN looks stunned. He looks sharply at OBI-WAN\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I sense it, too.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT, BEDROOM - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ARTOO sounds an alarm and shines a light on the bed. THE KOUHUNS are inches from PADME'S face. Their mouths are open, and wicked stinger tongues flick out.\
\
\
OBI-WAN and ANAKIN burst into the room. The KOUHUNS stand on their hind legs and hiss as PADME wakes up. ANAKIN throws himself in front of her, whacking in half the deadly creatures with his lightsaber.\
\
OBI-WAN sees the DROID outside the window and raqces straight at it, crashing through the blinds as he goes through the window.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. WINDOW LEDGE, APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 OBI-WAN flies through the glass window and flings himself at the PROBE DROID, grabbing onto the deadly machine before it can flee. The PROBE DROID sinks under the weight of OBI-WAN but manages to stay afloat and fly away, with the Jedi hanging on for dear life, a hundred stories above the city.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN and PADME stare at the sight of OBI-WAN being carried off by the DROID. ANAKIN turns to her. She pulls her nightdress around her shoulders.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Stay here!\
\
CAPTAIN TYPHO, with TWO GUARDS and DORME, enter the room as Anakin dashes out.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. CITYSCAPE, CORUSCANT - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The PROBE DROID sends several protective electrical shocks across its surface, causing OBI-WAN to almost lose his grip. As they dart in and out of the speeder traffic, OBI-WAN disconnects a wire on the back of the DROID. Its power shuts off! OBI-WAN and the DROID drop like rocks. OBI-WAN realises the error of his ways and quickly puts the wire back. The DROID'S systems light up again and it takes off. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. SENATE APARTMENTS - ENTRANCE - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN charges out of the building and runs to a line of parked speeders. He vaults into an open one and takes off, gunning it fast toward the lines of speeder traffic high above.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. CITYSCAPE, CORUSCANT - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The DROID bumps against a wall, hoping to knock the Jedi loose. It moves behind a speeder afterburner to scorch him. It takesthe JEDI wildly between buildings and finally skims across a rooftop as OBI-WAN is forced to lift his legs, tenaciously hanging onto the DROID. The DROID heads for a dirty, beat-up speeder hidden in an alcove of a building about twenty stories up. When the pilot of the speeder, a scruffy bounty hunter called ZAM WESELL, sees the DROID approach with OBI-WAN hanging on, she pulls a long rifle out of the speeder and starts to fire at the JEDI. EXPLOSIONS burst all around OBI-WAN.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I have a bad feeling about this.\
\
FINALLY, the DROID suffers a direct hit and blows up. OBI-WAN falls fifty stories, until a speeder drops down next to him, and he manages to grab onto the back end of the speeder and haul himself toward the cockpit. The JEDI struggles to climb into the passenger seat of the open speeder and sit down next to the driver, ANAKIN.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			That was wacky! I almost lost you\
			in the traffic.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What took you so long?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Oh, you know, Master, I couldn't\
			find a speeder I really liked,\
			with an open cockpit... and with\
			the right speed capabilities...\
			and then you know I had to get a\
			really gonzo color...\
\
They zoom upward in hot pursuit of ZAM asshe fires out the open window at them with her laser pistol.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			If you'd spend as much time\
			working on your saber skills as\
			you do on your wit, young Padawan,\
			you would rival Master Yoda as a\
			swordsman.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I thought I already did.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Only in your mind, my very young\
			apprentice. Careful!! Hey, easy!!\
\
As this conversation is going on, ANAKIN deftly moves in and out of the oncoming traffic, across lanes, between buildings, and miraculously through a construction site. ZAM WESELL continues firing at them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Sorry, I forgot you don't like\
			flying, Master.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don't mind flying... but\
			what you're doing is suicide!\
\
They barely miss a commuter train\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Master, you know I've been flying\
			since before I could walk. I'm very\
			good at this.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Just slow down!\
\
ZAM WESSEL and the JEDI race through a line of cross-traffic made up of giant trucks. The speeders bank sideways as they slide around right-angle turns between buildings. ZAM races into a tram tunnel.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Wait! Don't go in there!\
\
ANAKIN zooms into the tunnel after ZAM. They see a tram coming at them. They brake, turn around, and race out, barely ahead of the charging commuter transport.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			You know I don't like it when you\
			do that!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Sorry, Master. Don't worry, this\
			guy's gonna kill himself any\
			minute now!\
\
ZAM WESSEL turns into oncoming traffic, deliberately trying to throw the JEDI off. Oncoming speeders swerve, trying to avoid ZAM and the JEDI. ZAM does a quick, tight loop-over and ends up behind the JEDI. She is now in a much better position to fire at them with her laser pistol. To avoid being hit by the laser bolts, ANAKIN slams on the brakes and moves alongside ZAM. She now fires point-blank at OBI-WAN.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What are you doing? He's gonna\
			blast me!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Right - this isn't working.\
\
ANAKIN slides underneath Zam's speeder. They race along in traffic, one speeder right on top of the other. The BOUNTY HUNTER skims over the rooftops, causing ANAKIN to drop behind. ANAKIN goes through his gears, zooming around traffic. They race at high speed across a wide, flat surface of the city planet. A large spacecraft almost collides with them as it attempts to land. They round a corner and clip a flag, which gets caught on one of the front air scoops.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			That was too close!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Clear that!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What??\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Clear the flag! We're losing\
			power! Hurry!\
\
OBI-WAN leans out of the speeder, then crawls out onto the front engine, pulling the flag free of the scoop. The speeder lurches forward with a surge of power.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Whooooaaa! Don't do that! I\
			don't  like it when you do that!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			So sorry, Master.\
\
They chase the BOUNTY HUNTER through a power refinery.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It's dangerous near those power\
			couplings! Slow down! Don't go\
			through there!\
\
Huge electrical bolts shoot between the buildings as the speeders pass.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Yiiii, what are you doing?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Sorry, Master!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(sarcastically)\
			Oh, that was good...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			That was crazy!!!\
\
ZAM slides around a corner sideways, blocking an alley, firing point-blank as ANAKIN approaches.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Ahh, damn.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Stop!!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			No, we can make it.\
\
ANAKIN barely misses the BOUNTY HUNTER'S speeder as he dives under it, and through a small gap in the building hitting several pipes and going wildly out of control. ANAKIN struggles to regain control of the speeder, narrowly missing a crane, barely clipping a pair of giant struts. A giant gasball shoots up, causing ANAKIN to spin and bump a building, stalling the speeder.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm crazy... I'm crazy... I'm\
			crazy.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			But it worked... we made it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(angrily)\
			It didn't work... we've stalled!\
			And you almost got us killed!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I think we're still alive.\
\
ANAKIN works to get the speeder started. It quickly races to life.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(very angrily)\
			It was stupid!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(sheepishly)\
			I could have made it...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(furious)\
			But you didn't!!! And now we've\
			lost him.\
\
Suddenly, there is an ambush. Laser bolts fire everywhere. EXPLOSIONS surround them. They look up to see ZAM WESSEL take off.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			No we didn\'92t...\
\
Out of a cloud of smoke and ball of flames the JEDI tear after ZAM. They are smoking. OBI-WAN slaps out the small fire on the dashboard. ZAM goes up and down, through cross-traffic. There is a near miss as a speeder almost hits them. ZAM turns down and left between two buildings. ANAKIN pulls up and to the right\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Where are you going?! He went\
			down there, the other way.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			This is a shortcut... I think.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What do you mean, \'91You think?\'92\
			What kind of shortcut?! He went\
			completely the other way! You\'92ve\
			lost him!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Master, if we keep this chase\
			going, that creep\'92s gonna end up\
			deep fried. Personally, I\'92d very\
			much like to find out who in the\
			hell he is and who he\'92s working\
			for...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(sarcastic)\
			Oh, so that\'92s why we\'92re going in\
			the wrong direction.\
\
ANAKIN turns up a side street, zooming up several small passageways, then stops, hovering about fifty stories up.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Well, you lost him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I\'92m deeply sorry, Master.\
\
ANAKIN looks around front and back. He spots something. He seems to \
start counting to himself as he watches something below approach.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Excuse me for a moment.\
\
ANAKIN jumps out of the speeder. OBI-WAN looks down and sees Zam\'92s speeder about five stories below them cruising past. ANAKIN miraculously lands on top of the Bounty Hunter\'92s speeder. The speeder wobbles under the impact. ZAM looks up and realises what has happened.\
\
ZAM takes off, and ANAKIN slides to the back strut and almost slips off, but manages to hang on. ANAKIN works his way back to the speeder\'92s cockpit, just as ZAM stops suddenly, and ANAKIN flies forward to the left front fork. ZAM shoots at him with a laser pistol. There is a BLAST near ANAKIN'S hand, which breaks off a piece of the speeder. ANAKIN slides to the right fork of the speeder, where ZAM can\'92t reach him. He scrambles to the top, holding onto an air scoop.\
\
OBI-WAN has jumped into the driver\'92s seat of his speeder and is deftly gaining on the rogue speeder. The two speeders dive through oncoming traffic and then through cross traffic. Finally, ANAKIN is able to get hold of his lightsaber and starts to cut his way through the roof of the speeder. ZAM takes out her laser pistol and starts firing at the helpless JEDI, knocking the sword out of his hand. OBI-WAN races under the speeder and catches the Jedi weapon in the passenger\'92s seat.\
\
ANAKIN sticks his hand into the cockpit and, using the Force, pulls the gun out of ZAM\'92S hand. She grabs the Jedi\'92s hand, and they struggle for the weapon. It goes off, blowing a hole in the floor of the speeder. The speeder careens wildly out of control. ZAM struggles to pull the speeder out of it\'92s nose dive. OBI-WAN gets slowed down by traffic and loses sight of the Bounty Hunter\'92s speeder.\
\
Just as the dragster is about to nose dive into the ground, ZAM pulls it out, and it slides hard on the pavement in a shower of sparks. ANAKIN goes flying into the street.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. ENTERTAINMENT STREET - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ZAM exits the crashed speeder and runs. ANAKIN picks himself up off the pavement and runs down the very crowded street.\
\
It's the seedy underbelly of the city. Broken sidewalks, garish lights reflected on the filthy puddles. It's pretty crowded with various ALIEN LOW-LIFES, PANHANDLING DROIDS, and the occasional group of UPPERCLASS SLUMMERS.\
\
ANAKIN barges into several of them as he chases after the fleeing ZAM. He loses the Bounty Hunter in the crowd, them sees him again. The young Jedi is having a very difficult time getting through the crowd.\
\
Ahead, ZAM turns in through a door and disappears.\
\
A nightclub sighs is flashing over the door. ANAKIN is just about to follow ZAM when there is a sudden swirl of litter from downthrusters. PEOPLE start moving out of the way, and the open speeder lands in the street beside him. OBI-WAN gets out and walks over, holding out ANAKIN'S lightsaber.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Anakin!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			She went into that club, Master.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Patience.\
\
OBI-WAN hands ANAKIN the lightsaber.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			 	(continuing)\
			Here. Next time try not to lose it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Sorry, Master.\
\
ANAKIN reaches for the lightsaber, but OBI-WAN holds it back.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			A Jedi's saber is his most\
			precious possession.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Yes, Master.\
\
He reaches for the lightsaber, OBI-WAN pulls it back.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			He must keep it with him at all\
			times.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I know, Master.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			This weapon is your life!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I've heard this lesson before...\
\
OBI-WAN finally holds out the lightsaber and ANAKIN grabs it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			But, you haven't learned anything,\
			Anakin.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I try, Master.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 OBI-WAN and ANAKIN enter the nightclub bar, and everyone stares at them\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Why do I think you are going to be\
			the death of me?!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Don't say that Master... You're\
			the closest thing I have to a\
			father... I love you. I don't want\
			to cause you pain.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Then why don't you listen to me?!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I will. I'll do better, I promise.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Do you see him him?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I think he's a she...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Then be extra careful...\
				(nods to a room)\
			Check it out.\
\
OBI-WAN goes away.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Where are you going, Master?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			To get a drink.\
\
OBI-WAN heads for the bar. ANAKIN blinks in surprise, then moves into the room, where ALIEN FACES look back at him with hostility, suspicion, and invitation as he moves among the tables. OBI-WAN arrives at the bar. He signals the BARMAN.\
\
CLOSE - Somewhere in the room a HAND moves to a pistol in its holster and unsnaps the safety catch. At the bar, a glass is placed in from of OBI-WAN. A drink is poured. He lifts the glass.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ELAN SLEAZEBAGGANO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Wanna buy some death sticks?\
\
OBI-WAN looks at him. He moves his fingers slightly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You don't want to sell me death-\
			sticks.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ELAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don't want to sell you death-\
			sticks.\
\
OBI-WAN moves his fingers.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You want to go home and rethink \
			your life.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ELAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I want to go home and rethink my\
			life.\
\
He leaves. OBI-WAN lifts the drink and tosses it back.\
\
CLOSE. The gun is drawn from its holster and held down out of sight. The BOUNTY HUNTER starts to move toward the bar.\
\
ANAKIN checks out ALIEN FACES. OBI-WAN signals for another drink. The gun moves toward his unsuspecting back.\
\
The drink is poured. OBI-WAN reaches for it. The gun is raised to aim directly at his back, and suddenly OBI-WAN turns fast. His lightsaber flashes. There is a shrill SCREAM and ZAM'S ARM hits the floor. The gun drops from its twitching fingers. Blood spreads.\
\
The room is silent. ALIENS rise menacingly from their seats, and ANAKIN is suddenly at OBI-WAN's side, his lightsaber glowing.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Easy... Official business. Go\
			back to your drinks.\
\
Slowly, the ALIENS sit. Conversation resumes. Onstage, THE PERFORMERS pick up their routine. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN lift ZAM and carry her out.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. ALLEY OUTSIDE NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 OBI-WAN and ANAKIN carry ZAM into the alley and lower her to the ground. OBI-WAN attends to her wounded shoulder. She stares up hatefully at ANAKIN. She winces in pain, then nods.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Do you know who it was you were\
			trying to kill?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ZAM WESSEL\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			The Senator from Naboo.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Who hired you?\
\
ZAM glares at OBI-WAN.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ZAM WESSEL\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It was just a job.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Tell us!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ZAM WESSEL\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			That Senator's gonna die soon\
			anyway, and the next one won't\
			make the same mistake I did...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			This wound's going to need\
			treatment.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Who hired you? Tell us... tell us\
			now!\
\
ZAM glares hatefully.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ZAM\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It was a Bounty Hunter called...\
\
There is a sudden FTZZZ sound. ZAM twitches. She blinks in surprise and dies.\
\
There is a WEOOSH from above. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN look up yo see an ARMOURED ROCKET-MAN taking off from a roof high above. OBI-WAN looks down at ZAM. He touches her neck and pulls out a small, wicked-looking dart.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Toxic Dart...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN and JAR JAR stand near the door of the anteroom to PADME'S \
bedroom. PADME and DORME move about packing luggage.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Representative Binks. I know I can\
			count on you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JAR JAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Yousa betchen mesa bottums.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What?!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JAR JAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(coughs, recovers)\
			Oh, pardone-ay, Senator. I mean,\
			I am honoured to accept this heavy\
			burden. I take on this\
			responsibility with deep humility\
			tinged with an overwhelming pride.\
				(pompously)\
			It is not every day that I am\
			called upon to...\
\
PADME kisses him on the cheek and gives him a hug. JAR JAR turns red.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You're a good friend, Jar Jar. I\
			don't wish to hold you up. I'm\
			sure you have a great deal to do.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JAR JAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Of course, M'lady.\
\
JAR JAR bows and goes out. As he passes ANAKIN, he flashes a dazzling smile... PADME is in a very bad mood.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I do not like this idea of hiding.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Don't worry. Now that the Council\
			has ordered an investigation, it\
			won't take Master Obi-Wan long to\
			find that bounty hunter.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(frustrated)\
			I haven't worked for a year to\
			defeat the "Military Creation Act"\
			not to be here when its fate is\
			decided.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Sometimes we have to let go of our\
			pride and do what is requested of\
			us.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Pride?!? Annie, you're young, and\
			you don't have a very firm grip on\
			politics. I suggest you reserve\
			your opinions for some other time.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Sorry, M'lady. I was only trying\
			to...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Annie! No!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Please don't call me that.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Annie...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I've always called you that... it\
			is your name, isn't it?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It's Anakin. When you say Annie\
			it's like I'm still a little\
			boy... and I'm not.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm sorry, Anakin. It's impossible\
			to deny you've...\
				(looks him over)\
			...that you've grown up.\
\
PADME smiles at ANAKIN. He becomes a little shy.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Master Obi-Wan manages not to see\
			it...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Mentors have a way of seeing more\
			of our faults than we would like.\
			It's the only way we grow.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Don't get me wrong... Obi-Wan is\
			a great mentor. As wise as Master\
			Yoda and as powerful as Master\
			Windu. I am truly thankful to be\
			his apprentice. Only... although\
			I'm a Padawan learner, in some\
			ways... a lot of ways... I'm ahead\
			of him. I'm ready for the trials.\
			I know I am! He knows it too. He\
			believes I'm too unpredictable...\
			Other Jedi my age have gone\
			through the trials and made it...\
			I know I started my training\
			late... but he won't let me move\
			on.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			That must be frustrating.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It's worse... he's overly\
			critical. He never listens! He\
			just doesn't understand! It's not\
			fair!\
\
PADME cannot surpress a laugh. She shakes her head.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm sorry... You sounded exactly\
			like that little boy I once knew,\
			when he didn't get his way.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm not whining! I'm not.\
\
PADME just smiles at him. DORME laughs in the background.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I didn't say it to hurt you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I know...\
\
There is a brief silence. PADME comes over to ANAKIN.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Anakin...\
\
They look into each other's eyes for the first time.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Don't try to grow up too fast.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I am grown up. You said it\
			yourself.\
\
ANAKIN looks deep into PADME'S eyes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Please don't look at me like that.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Why not?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Because I can see what you're\
			thinking.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(laughing)\
			Ahh... so, you have Jedi powers\
			too?\
\
DORME is watching with concern.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It makes me feel uncomfortable.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Sorry, M'lady.\
\
ANAKIN backs away as PADME turns and goes back to her packing.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. CORUSCANT, SPACEPORT FREIGHTER DOCKS, TRANSPORT BUS - DAY \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 A small bus speeds toward the massive freighter docks of Coruscant's Industrial area. The spaceport is bustling with activity. Transports of various sizes moves supplies and passengers as giant floating cranes lift cargo out of starships. The bus stops before a huge intergalactic freighter starship. It parks in the shadows of an overhang.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. CORUSCANT, SPACEPORT FREIGHTER DOCKS, TRANSPORT BUS - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN and PADME, dressed in Outland peasant outfits, get up and head for the door where CAPTAIN TYPHO, DORME and OBI-WAN are waiting to hand them their luggage. DORME is dressed to look like Senator Amidala.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				CAPTAIN TYPHO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Be safe, m'lady.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Thank you, Captain. Take good\
			care of Dorme... the threat's on\
			you two now.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DORME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			He'll be safe with me.\
\
They laugh, and PADME embraces her faithful handmaiden. DORME start to weep.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You'll be fine.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DORME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It's not me, M'Lady. I worry\
			about you. What if they realise\
			I'm not you?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(looks to Anakin)\
			Then my Jedi protector will have\
			to prove how grown up he is.\
\
DORME and PADME smile. ANAKIN frowns as OBI-WAN pulls him aside.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Anakin, you stay put on Naboo.\
			Do not attract any attention. Do\
			absolutely nothing without\
			checking in with me or the Council.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Yes, Master.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(to Padme)\
			I will get to the bottom of this\
			plot quickly, M'Lady. You'll be\
			back here in no time.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I will be most grateful for your\
			speed, Master Jedi.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Time to go.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I know. \
\
PADME gives DORME a last hug. ANAKIN picks up the luggage, and the TWO PEASANTS exit the speeder bus, where ARTOO is waiting for them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			May the Force be with you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			May the Force be with you, Master.\
\
They head off toward the giant Starfreighter.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Suddenly, I'm afraid...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm kinda scared too. This is my\
			first assignment on my own.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			There's nothing to worry about...\
			we have Artoo with us.\
\
The two laugh.\
\
OBI-WAN and CAPTAIN TYPHO watch ANAKIN and PADME disappear into the \
vastness of the spaceport with ARTOO trundling along behind them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I hope he doesn't try anything\
			foolish.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				CAPTAIN TYPHO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'd be more concerned about her\
			doing something, than him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. FREIGHTER DOCKS - CORUSCANT - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The freighter slowly takes off from the huge docks area of Coruscant. It soon moves into the crowded skies.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. JEDI TEMPLE, MAIN HALLWAY - LATE DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 From high above, light streams down from the lofty ceilings. OBI-WAN crosses the floor of the great hallway, heaading for the Analysis Rooms.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. JEDI TEMPLE, ANALYSIS CUBICLES - LATE DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 OBI-WAN walks past several glass cubicles where work is going on. He comes to an empty one and sits down in front of a console. A PK-4 ANALYSIS DROID comes to life. A tray slides out of the console.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PK-4\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Place the subject for analysis on\
			the sensot tray, please.\
\
OBI-WAN puts the dart onto the traym which retracts into the console. The DROID activates the system, and a screen lights up in from of OBI-WAN.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It's a toxic dart. I need to know\
			where it came from and who made it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PK-4\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			One moment, please.\
\
Diagrams and .... appear on the screem, scrolling past at great speed. OBI-WAN watches as the screen goes blank. They tray slides out.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PK-4\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			As you can see on your screen,\
			subject weapon does not exist in\
			any known culture. Markings\
			cannot be identified. Probablt\
			self-made by a warrior not\
			associated with any known society.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Excuse me? Could you try again\
			please?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PK-4\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Master Jedi, our records are very\
			thorough. they cover eight\
			percent of the galaxy. If I can't\
			tell you where it came from,\
			nobody can.\
\
OBI-WAN picks up the dart and looks at it, then looks to the DROID.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Thanks for your assistance! You\
			may not be able to figure this\
			out, but I think I know someone\
			who might.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. SPACE, STARSHIP FREIGHTER\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The massive, slow-moving Freighter suddenly zooms away into lightspeed.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. STARFREIGHTER, STORAGE HOLD - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The great, gloomy hold is crowded with EMIGRANTS and their belongings. To one side ARTOO is coming to the head of a food line, where SERVERS are ladling out bowls of mush. ARTOO holds two bowls.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SERVER\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Keep moving! Keep moving!\
\
ARTOO slips tube into a tub of mush and sucks up a large quantity. With one of his little claw-arms, he grabs several chunks of something that looks like brown bread. A SERVER sees him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				FOOD SERVER\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Hey! No Droids!\
\
ARTOO takes one last big suck and heads away from the food line. The SERVER shouts after him angrily. The little droid moves past groups of eating or sleeping EMIGRANTS and comes to where ANAKIN is sound asleep. The young Jedi seems to be having a nightmare. He is very restless.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			No, no, Mom, no...\
\
He is sweating. PADME leans over to wipe some of the sweat from his forehead. He wakes up with a start, then realises where he is. PADME simply looks at him. He stares back, somewhat confused. ARTOO fills up two bowls with mush.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			What?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You seemed to be having a\
			nightmare.\
\
ANAKIN looks at PADME a little more closely, trying to see if he has revealed any of his secrets. She hands him a bowl of mush and bread.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Are you hungry?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Thank you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			We went into lightspeed a while\
			ago.\
\
ANAKIN looks into PADME'S eyes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I look forward to seeing Naboo\
			again. I've thought about it every\
			day since I left. It's by far the\
			most beautiful place I've ever\
			seen...\
\
PADME is a little unnerved by his intense stare. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You were just a little boy then.\
			It may not be as you remember it;\
			time changes your perception.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I think time has given me much\
			more mature feelings to enhance my\
			perception.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It must be difficult having sworn\
			your life to the Jedi... not being\
			able to visit the places you\
			like... or do the things you\
			like...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Or be with the people I love.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Are you allowed to love? I\
			thought that was forbidden for a\
			Jedi.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Attachment is forbidden.\
			Possession is forbidden.\
			Compassion, which I would define\
			as unconditional love, is central\
			to a Jedi's life, so you might say\
			we're encouraged to love.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You have changed so much\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You haven't changed a bit. You're\
			exactly the way I remember you in\
			my dreams. I doubt if Naboo has\
			changed much either.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It hasn't...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I can't wait to breathe the sweet\
			breeze that comes off the rolling\
			hills. Whenever I try to\
			visualise the Force, those hills\
			are what I see.\
\
ANAKIN looks at PADME when he says this.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			I love Naboo.\
\
There is an awkward moment.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(changing the subject)\
			Were you dreaming about you\
			mother earlier, weren't you?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Yes... I left Tatooine so long\
			ago, my memory of her is fading.\
			I don't want to lose it. Recently\
			I've been seeing her in my\
			dreams... vivid dreams... scary\
			dreams. I worry about her.\
\
PADME gives ANAKIN a sympathetic look.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. CORUSCANT, DOWNTOWN, BACK STREET - MORNING\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 OBI-WAN walks down the street. It is a pretty tough part of town. Old buildings, warehouses, beat up speeders and transporter rigs occasional "shiny freighters" hissing through.\
\
OBI-WAN comes to a kind of alien diner. On the steamed-up windowa it says "DEX'S DINER" in alien lettering. He goes inside.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. CORUSCANT, DEX'S DINER - MORNING\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 A young waitress, HERMIONE BAGWA, is wiping off a booth tabletop. There is a counter with stools and a line of booths along the wall by the window. A number of CUSTOMERS are eating - TOUGH-LOOKING WORKERS, FREIGHTER DRIVERS etc. HERMIONE looks up as OBI-WAN comes in.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				HERMIONE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Can I help ya?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm looking for Dexter.\
\
HERMIONE'S eyes narrow.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				HERMIONE BAGWA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Waddya want him for?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			He's not in trouble. It's\
			personal.\
\
HERMIONE stares at OBI-WAN. There is a brief pause. Then she goes to the open serving hatch behind the counter.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				HERMIONE BAGWA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Someone to see ya, honey\
				(lowering her voice)\
			A Jedi, by the looks of him.\
\
Steam billows out from the kitchen hatch behind the counter as a huge head pokes through.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DEXTER JETTSTER\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Obi-Wan!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Hey, Dex.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DEXTER JETTSTER\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Take a seat! Be right with ya!\
\
OBI-WAN sits in a booth.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				HERMIONE BAGWA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You want a cup of ardees?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Thank you.\
\
HERMIONE moves off as the door to the counter opens and DEXTER JETTSTER appears. He is big - bald and sweaty, old and alien. Not someone to tangle with. He arrives, beaming hugely.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DEXTER JETTSTER\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Hey, ol' buddy!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Hey, Dex.\
\
DEXTER eases himself into the seat opposite OBI-WAN. He can just make it. HERMIONE sets two mugs of steaming ardees in from of them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DEXTER JETTSTER\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			So, my friend. What can I do for\
			ya?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You can tell me what this is.\
\
OBI-WAN places the dart on the table between them. DEX'S eyes widen. He puts down his mug.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DEXTER JETTSTER\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Well, whattaya know...\
\
DEXTER picks up the dart delicately between his puffy fingers and peers at it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DEXTER JETTSTER\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			I ain't seen one of these since I\
			was prospecting on Subterrel\
			beyond the Outer Rim!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Do you know where it came from?\
\
DEXTER grins. He puts the dart down between them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DEXTER JETTSTER\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			This baby belongs to them cloners.\
			What you got here is a Kamino\
			Kyberdart.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Kamino Kyberdart... I wonder why\
			it didn't show up in any analysis\
			archive.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DEXTER JETTSTER\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It's these funny little cuts on\
			the side give it away...\
			Those analysis droids you've got\
			over there only focus on symbols,\
			you know. I should think you Jedi\
			would have more respect for the\
			difference between knowledge and\
			wisdom.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Well, Dex, if droids could think, we\
			wouldn't be here, would we?\
				(laughing)\
			Kamino... doesn't sound familiar.\
			Is it part of the Republic?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DEXTER JETTSTER\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			No, it's beyond the Outer Rim.\
			I'd say about twelve parsecs\
			outside the Rishi Maze, toward the\
			south. It should be easy to find,\
			even for those droids in your\
			archive to find. Those Kaminoans\
			keep to themselves. They're\
			cloners. Damned good ones, too.\
\
OBI-WAN then picks up the dart, holding it midway between them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Cloners? Are they friendly?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DEXTER JETTSTER\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It depends.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			On what, Dex?\
\
Dexter grins. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DEXTER JETTSTER\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			On how good your manners are...\
			and how big your pocketbook is...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. NABOO SPACEPORT - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The Starfreighter lands in the giant port city of Theed.\
\
PADME, ANAKIN and ARTOO are among the EMIGRANTS streaming from the Starfreighter and into the vast docking area. They exit onto the main plaza.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. NABOO PALACE, GRAND COURTYARD (NABOO) - AFTERNOON\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The speeder bus pulls up and stops. PADME, ANAKIN, and ARTOO get out. The great courtyard stretches out before them, and they see the rose-colored dome of the palace on the far side. ARTOO WHISTLES. They pick up their gear and start to cross the courtyard. ARTOO trundles behind them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			If I grew up here, I don't think\
			I'd ever leave.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(laughing)\
			I doubt that.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			No, really. When I started my\
			training, I was very homesick and\
			very lonely. This city and my Mom\
			were the only pleasant things I\
			had to think about... The problem\
			was, the more I thought about my\
			Mom, the worse I felt. But I\
			would feel better if I thought\
			about the palace - the way it\
			shimmers in the sunlight - the way\
			the air always smells of flowers...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			...and the soft sound of the\
			distant waterfalls. The first\
			time I saw the Capital, I was very\
			young... I'd never seen a\
			waterfall before. I though they\
			were so beautiful... I never\
			dreamed one day I'd live in the\
			palace.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Well, tell me, did you dream of\
			power and politics when you were\
			a little girl?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(laughing)\
			No! That was the last thing I\
			thought of. My dream was to help\
			in the "Refugee Relief Movement."\
			I never thought of running for\
			elected office. But the more\
			history I studied, the more I\
			realised how much good politicians\
			could do. So when I was eight, I\
			joined the "Apprentice\
			Legislators", then later on became\
			a Senatorial advisor, with such a\
			passion that, before I knew it, I\
			was elected Queen. Partly because\
			I scored so high on my education\
			certificate, but for the most part\
			it was my conviction that reform\
			was possible. I wasn't the\
			youngest Queen ever elected, but\
			now that I think back on it, I'm\
			not sure I was old enough. I'm not\
			sure I was ready.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			The people you served thought you\
			did a good job. I heard they\
			tried to amend the Constitution so\
			you could stay in office.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Popular rule is not democracy,\
			Annie. It gives the people what\
			they want, not what they need.\
			And, truthfully, I was relieved\
			when my two terms were up. So\
			were my parents. They worried\
			About me during the blockade and\
			couldn't wait for it all to be\
			over. Actually, I was hoping to\
			have a family by now... My\
			sisters have the most amazing,\
			wonderful kids... but when the\
			Queen asked me to serve as\
			Senator, I couldn't refuse her.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I agree! I think the Republic\
			needs you... I'm glad you chose\
			to serve. I feel things are going\
			to happen in our generation that\
			will change the galaxy in profound\
			ways.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I think so too.\
\
ANAKIN and PADME walk toward the palace. ARTOO continues to follow.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. NABOO PALACE, THRONE ROOM - AFTERNOON\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 QUEN JAMILLIA is seated on the throne, flanked by SIO BIBBLE and a COUPLE OF ADVISORS. FOUR HANDMAIDENS stand close by, and GUARDS are at the doors.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				QUEEN JAMILLIA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			We've been worried about you.\
				(takes her hand)\
			I'm so glad you're safe, Padm\'e9.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Thank you, Your Highness. I only\
			Wish I could have served you\
			better by staying on Coruscant for\
			the vote.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SIO BIBBLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Given the circumstances, Senator,\
			you know it was the only decision\
			Her Highness could have made.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				QUEEN JAMILLIA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			How many systems have joined Count\
			Dooku and the separatists?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			About two hundred. And more are\
			leaving the Republic every day.\
			If the Senate votes to create an\
			army, I'm sure it's going to push\
			us into a civil war.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SIO BIBBLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It's unthinkable! There hasn't\
			been a full-scale war since the\
			formation of the Republic!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				QUEEN JAMILLIA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Do you see any way, through\
			negotiations, to bring the\
			separatists back into the Republic?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Not if they feel threatened. The\
			separatists don't have an army,\
			but if they are provoked, they\
			will move to defend themselves.\
			I'm sure of that. And with no time\
			or money to build an army, my\
			guess is they will turn to the\
			Commerce Guilds or the Trade\
			Federation for help.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				QUEEN JAMILLIA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			The armies of commerce! Why has\
			Nothing been done in the Senate\
			to restrain them?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm afraid that, despite the\
			Chancellor's best efforts, there\
			are still many bureaucrats,\
			judges, and even Senators on the\
			payrolls of the Guilds.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SIO BIBBLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It's outrageous! After all of\
			those hearings, and the four trials in\
			the Supreme Court, Nute Gunray is\
			still the Viceroy of the Trade\
			Federation. Do those money\
			mongers control everything?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				QUEEN JAMILLIA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Remember, Counsellor, the courts\
			were able to reduce the\
			Federation's armies. That's a\
			move in the right\
			direction.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			There are rumours, Your Highness,\
			that the Federation Army was not\
			reduced as they were ordered.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			The Jedi have not been allowed to\
			investigate. It would be to be too\
			dangerous for the economy, we were\
			told.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				QUEEN JAMILLIA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			We must keep our faith in the\
			Republic. The day we stop\
			believing democracy can work is\
			the day we lose it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Let's pray that day never comes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				QUEEN JAMILLIA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			In the meantime, we must consider\
			your own safety.\
\
SIO BIBBLE signals. All the other ADVISORS and ATTENDANTS bow and leave the room.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SIO BIBBLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(to Anakin)\
			What is your suggestion, Master\
			Jedi?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Anakin's not a Jedi yet, Counsellor.\
			He's still a Padawan learner. I\
			was thinking...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(nettled)\
			Hey, hold on a minute!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Excuse me! I was thinking I would\
			stay in the Lake Country. There\
			are some places up there that are\
			very isolated.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Excuse me?! I am in charge of\
			security here, M'Lady.\
\
SIO BIBBLE and QUEEN JAMILLIA exchange a look. Something is going on here.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Annie, my life is at risk, and\
			this is my home. I know it very\
			well... that is why we're here.\
			I think it would be wise for you\
			to take advantage of my knowledge\
			in this instance.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(takes a deep breath)\
			Sorry, M'Lady.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SIO BIBBLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(to Anakin, amused)\
			She is right. The Lake Country is\
			the most remote part of Naboo.\
			Not many people and a clear view\
			of the surrounding terrain.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				QUEEN JAMILLIA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Perfect. It's settled then.\
\
ANAKIN glares at PADME. Then QUEEN JAMILLIA gets up, and they all start to leave.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				QUEEN JAMILLIA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continued)\
			Padm\'e9, I had an audience with your\
			father yesterday. I told him what\
			was happening. He hopes you will\
			visit your mother before you\
			leave... your family's very\
			worried about you.\
\
PADME looks worred. They ALL exit down the main staircase.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. JEDI TEMPLE - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The main entrance at the base of the huge temple is bustling with activity. All sorts of JEDI are coming and going.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. JEDI TEMPLE, ARCHIVES LIBRARY - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 A bronze bust of Count Dooku, stands among a line of other busts of Jedi in the Archive Room. OBI-WAN stands in front it, studying the striking features of the chiselled face.\
\
On the walls, lighted computer panels seem to stretch into infinity. Farther along the room in the background, FIVE JEDI are seated at tables, studying archival material.\
\
After OBI-WAN studies the bust for a few moments before MADAME JOCASTA NU, the Jedi Archivist is standing next to him. She is an elderly, frail-looking human Jedi. Tough as old boots and smart as a whip.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOCASTA NU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Did you call for assistance?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(distracted in thought)\
			Yes... yes, I did...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOCASTA NU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			He has a powerful face, doesn't\
			he? He was one of the most\
			brilliant Jedi I have had the\
			privilege of knowing.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I never understood why he quit.\
			Only twenty Jedi have ever left\
			the Order.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOCASTA NU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(sighs)\
			The Lost Twenty... and Count Dooku\
			was the most recent and the most\
			painful. No one likes to talk\
			about it. His leaving was a great\
			loss to the Order.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What happened?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOCASTA NU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Well, one might say, he was always\
			a bit out of step with the\
			decisions of the Council... much\
			like your old Master, Qui-Gon Jinn.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(surprised)\
			Really?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOCASTA NU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Oh, yes. They were alike in many\
			ways. Very individual thinkers...\
			idealists...\
\
JOCASTA NU stares at the bust\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOCASTA NU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing\
			He was always striving to become\
			a more powerful Jedi. He wanted\
			to be the best. With a lightsaber,\
			in the old style of fencing, he\
			had no match. His knowledge of\
			the Force was... unique. In the\
			end, I think he left because he\
			lost faith in the Republic. He\
			believed that politics were\
			corrupt, and he felt the Jedi\
			betrayed themselves by serving the\
			politicians. He always had very\
			high expectations of government.\
			He disappeared for nine or ten\
			years, then he just showed up\
			recently as the head of the\
			separatist movement.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Interesting... I'm still not sure\
			I understand.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOCASTA NU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Well, I'm sure you didn't call me\
			over here for a history lesson.\
			Are you having a problem, Master\
			Kenobi?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Yes, I'm trying to find a planet\
			system called Kamino. It doesn't\
			seem to show upon any of the\
			archive charts.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOCASTA NU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Kamino? It's not a system I'M\
			familiar with... Let me see...\
\
JOCASTA NU leans over OBI-WAN'S shoulder, looking at the screen.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOCASTA NU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Are you sure you have the right\
			co-ordinates?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(nodding)\
			According to my information, it\
			should be in this quadrant\
			somewhere... just south of the\
			Rishi Maze.\
\
JOCASTA NU taps the keyboard and frowns.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOCASTA NU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			No co-ordinates? It sounds like the\
			kind of directions you'd get from\
			a street tout... some old miner or\
			Furbog trader.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			All three actually.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOCASTA NU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Are you sure it exists?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Absolutely.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOCASTA NU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Let me do a gravitational scan.\
\
OBI-WAN and JOCASTA NU studt the star map hologram.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOCASTA NU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			There are some inconsistencies\
			here. Maybe the planet you're\
			looking for was destroyed.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Wouldn't that be on record?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOCASTA NU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It ought to be. Unless it was very\
			recent.\
				(shakes her head)\
			I hate to say it, but it looks\
			like the system you're searching\
			for doesn't exist.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			That's impossible... perhaps the\
			archives are incomplete.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOCASTA NU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			The archives are comprehensive and\
			totally secure, my young Jedi.\
			One thing you may be absolutely\
			sure of - if an item does not\
			appear in our records, it does not\
			exist!\
\
OBI-WAN stares at her, then looks back at the map.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. THEED, RESIDENTIAL AREA, SIDE STREET - AFTERNOON\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 PEOPLE are passing through the little street, OLD MEN are sunning themslves, WOMEN are gossipping, KIDS are playing. ANAKIN, PADME and ARTOO turn onto a side street. ANAKIN is back in his Jedi robes. PADME wear a beautiful simple dress. She stops, beaming.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			There's my house!\
\
PADME starts forward; ANAKIN hangs back.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			What? Don't say you're shy!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(untruthfully)\
			No, but I...\
\
Suddenly, there are shouts from two little girils, RYOO (age 6) and POOJA (age 4). They come running toward PADME.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				RYOO & POOJA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Aunt Padme!! Aunt Padme!!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Ryoo!! Pooja!!\
\
PADME scoops up RYOO and POOJA and hugs them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			I'm so happy to see you! This is\
			Anakin. Anakin, this is Ryoo, and\
			this is Pooja.\
\
ANAKIN and the GIRLS say hello shyly. Then:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				RYOO & POOJA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Artoo!!!\
\
As they see the droid, they hug him. ARTOO WHISTLES and BEEPS. PADME laughs. ANAKIN and PADME go on toward the house. The GIRLS stay and play with ARTOO.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. PADME'S PARENTS' HOUSE, MAIN ROOM - AFTERNOON\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 SOLA, PADME'S beautiful older sister, comes in from the kitchen carrying a big bowl of food.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SOLA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(over her shoulder)\
			They're eating over at Jev\
			Narran's later, Mom. They just\
			had a snack. They'll be fine.\
\
SOLA puts the bowl down on the table, where ANAKIN, PADME and RUWEE NABERRIE (Padme's father) are coming into the room.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Anakin, this is my sister, Sola.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SOLA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Hello, Anakin.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Hello.\
\
SOLA sits, as JOBAL NABERRIE (Padme's mother) comes in with a heaped bowl of steaming food.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOBAL\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You're just in time for dinner. I\
			hope you're hungry, Anakin.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			A little.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			He's being polite, Mom. We're\
			starving.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				RUWEE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(grinning)\
			You came to the right place at the\
			right time. Sit down, son.\
\
EVERYONE sits and starts passing food.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOBAL\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(to Padme)\
			Honey, it's so good to see you\
			safe. We were so worried.\
\
PADME gives JOBAL a dirty look. RUWEE smiles as he watches.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				RUWEE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Dear...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOBAL\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I know, I know... but I had to say\
			it. Now it's done.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SOLA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Well, this is exciting! Do you\
			know, Anakin, you're the first\
			boyfriend my sister's ever brought\
			home?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(rolls her eyes)\
			Sola!! He isn't my boyfriend!\
			He's a Jedi assigned by the Senate\
			to protect me.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOVAL\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			A bodyguard?! Oh, Padme! They\
			didn't tell us it was that serious!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It's not, Mom, I promise.\
				(glances at Jobal)\
			Anyway, Anakin's a friend. I've\
			known him for years. Remember\
			that little boy who was with the\
			Jedi during the blockade crisis?\
\
They nod.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			He grew up.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOBAL\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Honey, when are you going to\
			settle down? Haven't you had\
			enough of that life? I certainly\
			have!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Mom, I'm not in any danger.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				RUWEE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(to Anakin)\
			Is she?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			...Yes... I'm afraid she is.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(quickly)\
			But not much.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. PADME'S PARENTS' GARDEN - AFTERNOON\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN and RUWEE are walking.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				RUWEE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Sometimes I wish I'd traveled\
			more... but I must say, I'm happy\
			here.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Padme tells me you teach at the\
			university?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				RUWEE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(nodding)\
			Yes, and before that, I was a\
			builder. I also worked for the\
			Refugee Relief Movement, when I\
			was very young.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. PADME'S PARENTS' HOUSE, MAIN ROOM - AFTERNOON\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 PADME, SOLA and JOBAL are clearing the table.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SOLA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Why haven't you told us about him?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What's there to talk about?  He's\
			just a boy.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SOLA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			A boy? Have you seen the way he\
			looks at you?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Sola - stop it!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SOLA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It's obvious he has feelings for\
			you. Are you saying, little baby\
			sister, that you haven't noticed?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm not your baby sister, Sola.\
			Anakin and I are friends... our\
			relationship is strictly\
			professional.\
				(to Jobal)\
			Mom, would you tell her to stop it?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SOLA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(laughing)\
			Well, maybe you haven't noticed\
			the way he looks at you. I think\
			you're afraid to.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Cut it out.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOBAL\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Sola's just concerned... we all\
			are.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Oh, Mom, you're impossible. What\
			I'm doing is important.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JOBAL\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You've done your service, Padm\'e9.\
			It's time you had a life of your\
			own. You're missing so much!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. PADME'S PARENTS' GARDEN - AFTERNOON\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN and RUWEE are walking in the garden. RUWEE stops and faces ANAKIN directly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				RUWEE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Now tell me, son. How serious is\
			this thing? How much danger is my\
			daughter really in?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			There have been two attempts on\
			her life. Chances are there'll be\
			more. My Master is tracking down\
			the assassins. I'm sure he'll find\
			out who they are. This situation,\
			won't last long.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				RUWEE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don't want anything to happen to\
			her.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don't either.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. PADME'S PARENTS' HOUSE, PADME'S ROOM - AFTERNOON\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 PADME throws some things into a bag.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Don't worry, this won't take long.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I just want to get there before\
			dark.\
\
PADME goes on packing. ANAKIN looks around the room.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			You still live at home.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I move around so much, I've never\
			had a place of my own. Official\
			residences have no warmth. I feel\
			good here. I feel at home.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I never had a real home. Home was\
			always where my Mom was.\
\
ANAKIN picks up a framed hologram.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Is this you?\
\
The hologram shows Padme at age seven or eight surrounded by forty or fifty little green creatures. She is holding one in her arms. They are all smiling hugely.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			That was when I went with the\
			Relief Group to Shadda-Bi-Boran.\
			Their sun was imploding, and the\
			planet was dying. I was helping\
			to relocate the children. See\
			that little one I'm holding? His\
			name was N'a-kee-tula, which means\
			sweethear. He was so full of \
			life,. All those kids were. I did\
			everything I could to save him,\
			but he died... they all did. They\
			were never able to adapt... to\
			live off their native planet.\
\
ANAKIN picks up another hologram. It shows PADME at age ten or eleven. She is wearing official robes and standing between two robed legislators. Her expression is severe.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			My first day as an Apprentice\
			Legislator. Notice the difference?\
\
PADME pulls a face. ANAKIN grins. She continues packing. ANAKIN sets the two holograms down side by side - the beaming little girl, and the the stern, unsmiling adolescent.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. JEDI TEMPLE, MAIN HALLWAY - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 OBI-WAN walks through the main hallway to the training area.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. JEDI TEMPLE, TRAINING VERANDA - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 OBI-WAN comes out onto the veranda and stops, watching TWENTY or so FOUR-YEAR-OLDS doing training exercises, supervised by YODA. They wear helmets over their eyes and try to strike little TRAINING DROIDS with their miniature lightsabers. The DROIDS dance in front of them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Don't think... feel... be as one\
			with the Force. Help you, it will.\
				(he sees Obi-Wan)\
			Younglings - enough! A visitor we\
			have. Welcome him.\
\
The CHILDREN take off their helmets and turn off their lightsabers.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Master Obi-Wan Kenobi, meet the\
			mighty Bear Clan.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				CHILDREN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Welcome, Master Obi-Wan!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I am sorry to disturb you, Master.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What help to you, can I be?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I\'92m looking for a planet described\
			to me by an old friend. I trust\
			him. But the system doesn\'92t show\
			up on the archive maps.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			An interesting puzzle. Gather\
			round the map reader, younglings.\
			Master Obi-Wan has lost a planet.\
			Find it, we will try...\
\
The map reader is a small shaft with a hollow opening at the top. The CCHILDREN gather around it. OBI-WAN takes out a little glass ball and places it into the bowl. The window shades close darkening the room and the reader lights up, projecting the star map hologram into the room. The CHILDREN laugh. Some of them reach up to try and touch the nebulae and stars. OBI-WAN walks into the display.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			This is where it ought to be...\
			but it isn\'92t. Gravity is pulling\
			all the stars in this area inward\
			to this spot. There should be a\
			star here... but there isn\'92t.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Most interesting. Gravity\'92s\
			silhouette remains, but the star\
			and all its planets have\
			disappeared. How can this be?\
\
There is a brief pause. Then a CHILD puts its hand up. YODA nods.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JEDI CHILD JACK\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Because someone erased it from the\
			archive memory.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				CHILDREN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			That\'92s right! Yes! That\'92s what\
			happened! Someone erased it!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JEDI CHILD MAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			If the planet blew up, the gravity\
			would go away.\
\
OBI-WAN stares; YODA chuckles.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Truly wonderful, the mind of a\
			child is. Uncluttered. To the\
			centre of the pull of gravity go,\
			and find your planet you will.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			But Master Yoda who could have\
			erased information from the\
			archives? That\'92s impossible,\
			isn\'92t it?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(frowning)\
			Much harder to answer, that\
			question is.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, WATER SPEEDER, LANDING PLATFORM - LATE AFTERNOON\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 A water speeder driven by PADDY ACCU, the retreat caretaker, skims across the lake away from the island landing platform where a chrome Naboo Starship rests. ANAKIN and PADME are sitting in the speeder as it skims away to where a lodge rises on a beautiful island in the middle of the lake.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, LODGE, GARDEN TERRACEM LATE AFTERNOON\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN and PADME walk up the stairs from where the water speeder is parked onto a terrace overlooking a lovely garden. Behind them, PADDY ACCU supervises two serving girls, NANDI and TECKLA, as they carry the bags into the Lodge.\
\
ANAKIN and PADME stop at the balustrade. PADME looks out across the garden to the shimmering lake and the mountains rising beyond. ANAKIN looks at her silently.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			When I was in Level Three, we used\
			to come here for school retreat.\
			See that island? We used to swim\
			there every day. I love the water.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I do too. I guess it comes from\
			growing up on a desert planet.\
\
PADME becomes aware that ANAKIN is looking at her.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			...We used to lie on the sand and\
			let the sun dry us... and try to\
			guess the names of the birds\
			singing.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don\'92t like sand. It\'92s coarse\
			and rough and irritating, and it\
			gets everywhere. Not like here.\
			Here everything\'92s soft... and\
			smooth...\
\
He touches her arm. PADME has become receptive to the way he looks at her but is nervous.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			There was a very old man who lived\
			on the island. He used to make\
			glass out of sand - and vases and\
			necklaces out of the glass. They\
			were magical.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(looks into her eyes)\
			Everything here is magical.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You could look into the glass and\
			see the water. The way it ripples\
			and moves. It looked so real...\
			but it wasn\'92t.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Sometimes, when you believe\
			something to be real, it becomes\
			real. Real enough, anyway...\
\
They look into each other's eyes. He touches her chin.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I used to think if you looked too\
			deeply into glass, you would\
			lose yourself.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I think it's true...\
\
ANAKIN kisses PADME. She doesn't resist. She comes to her senses and pulls away.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I shouldn't have done that.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm sorry. When I'm around you,\
			my mind is no longer my own.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It's the situation... the stress...\
\
He looks at her.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			...the view.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. CORUSCANT, LANDING PLATFORM - LATE AFTERNOON\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 Obi-Wan's Starfighter is ready for takeoff. OBI-WAN and MACE WINDU stand beside it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Be wary, this disturbance in the\
			Force is growing stronger.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I am concerned for my Padawan. He\
			is not ready to be on his own.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			The Council is confident in this decision,\
			Obi-Wan.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			He has exceptional skills. The\
			Council is confident in its\
			decision, Obi-Wan. If the\
			prophecy is true, he weill be the\
			one to bring balance to the Force.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			But he still has much to learn.\
			And his abilities have made him...\
			well... arrogant. I realise now\
			what you and Master Yoda knew from\
			the beginning... the boy was too\
			old to start the training and...\
\
OBI-WAN hesitates.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			There's something else?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Master, he should not have been\
			given this assignment. I'm afraid\
			Anakin won't be able to protect\
			the Senator. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Why?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			He has a... an emotional\
			connection with her. It's been\
			there since he was boy. Now\
			he's confused... distracted.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE-WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Obi-Wan, you must have faith that\
			he will take the right path.\
\
OBI-WAN climbs into the cockpit of the Starfighter.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Has Master Yoda gained any insight\
			into whether or not this war will\
			come about?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Probing the Dark Side is a\
			dangerous process. He could be in\
			seclusion for days... May the\
			force be with you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. JEDI TEMPLE, YODA'S QUARTERS - LATE AFTERNOON\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 YODA sits with his eyes closed, meditating. Silence.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, LOUNGE, LATE AFTERNOON\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The setting sun touches the mountain peaks. The lake glows in the rose-tinted light. Floatinf lamps glean softly like jewels at the lodge.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, DINING ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 NANDI place dessert in front of PADME. TECKLA does the same for ANAKIN. The dessert is some kind of fruit. PADME picks up her fork and goes to spear a piece, but it moves! She frowns and tries again -the fruit moves. She lokk up at ANAKIN. His eyes are on his plate.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You did that?\
\
ANAKIN looks up - wide-eyed innocence.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What?\
\
PADME scowls at him. PADME jabs at the fruit - ANAKIN subtly moves his hand and it lifts up from the plate and hovers in front of her.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			That! Now stop it!\
\
PADME laughs. ANAKIN laughs. She reaches out for the fruit - it loops.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Anakin!!\
\
ANAKIN moves his fingers. The fruit flies into his hand.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm not really supposed to do\
			that... for fun, I mean. If\
			Master Obi-Wan were here, he'd be\
			very grumpy.\
\
ANAKIN is pleased. He cuts the fruint into several pieces and sends one back to PADME. She bites it out of the air and laughs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, LODGE, FIREPLACE ALCOVE - TWILIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 A fire blazes in the open hearth. PADME is sitting in front of it, gazing at the flames.\
\
She looks up as ANAKIN arrives. She makes room for him. Brief pause.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			May I tell you something?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don't know.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Then how can I tell you?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Maybe you should use your Jedi\
			intuition.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It doesn't work around you. My\
			mind is always a muddle... I can\
			only think of you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Anakin, don't...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			From the moment I met you, all\
			those years ago, a day hasn't gone\
			by when I haven't thought of you.\
			And now that I'm close to you again,\
			I'm in agony. The closer I get to\
			you, the worse it gets. The\
			thought of not being with you\
			mskes my stomach turn over - my\
			mouth goes dry. I feel dizzy. I\
			can't breathe. I'm haunted by the\
			kiss you should never have given\
			me. My heart is beating, hoping\
			that kiss will not become a scar.\
			You are in my very soul,\
			tormenting me. What can I do? I\
			will do anything you ask...\
\
Silence. The logs flame in the hearth.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			If you are suffering as much as I\
			am, tell me.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			...I can't. We can't. It's just\
			not possible.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Anything's possible. Padme,\
			please listen...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You listen. We live in a real\
			world. Come back to it. You're\
			studying to become a Jedi Knight.\
			I'm a Senator. If you follow your\
			thoughts through to conclusion,\
			they will take us to a place we\
			cannot go... regardless of the way\
			we feel about each other.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Then you do feel something!\
			There's an extraordinary\
			connection between us. You can't\
			deny that.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Annie, it doesn't make any\
			difference. Jedi aren't allowed\
			to marry. You swore an oath,\
			remember? You'd be expelled from\
			the Order. I will not let you\
			give up your responsibilities...\
			your future, for me.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I was destined to be a Jedi. I\
			don't think I could be anything\
			else. But you are asking me to be\
			rational. That is something I\
			know I cannot do. I wish I could\
			wish my feelings away... but I\
			can't.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I am not going to give into this.\
			I'm not going to throw my life\
			away. I have more important things\
			to do than fall in love.\
\
There is silence as they stare at the fire. ANAKIN is thinking.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It wouldn't have to be that way...\
			we could keep it a secret.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Then we'd be living a lie - one we\
			couldn't keep even if we wanted\
			to. Mt sister saw it. So did my\
			mother. I couldn't do that.\
			Could you, Anakin? Could you live\
			like that?\
\
Silence for a moment.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			...No, you're right. It would\
			destroy us.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. SPACE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 It's just like the star map hologram, plus the storm-shrouded planet of Kamino, which is exactly where it ought to be. Obi-Wan's Starship flies OVER CAMERA and heads down toward the planet.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TIPOCA CITY, KAMINO LANDING PLATFORM (RAINSTORM) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 Heavy rans and hard-driving winds lash the platform as Obi-Wan's Starship approaches. The huge, ultra-modern city of Tipoca rests on great stilts that keep it above the pounding and ever-present waves that cover the surface of this watery world.\
\
The Starfighter lands. OBI-WAN gets out and makes his way through the bowling wind toward a tower on the far side of the platform. A door slides open. A shaft of brilliant light pierces the swirling rain. OBI-WAN passes through it and goes inside.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. TIPOCA CITY, CORRIDOR ENTRANCE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 A Brilliant white light. OBI-WAN pushes the soaking hood from his face.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				TAUN WE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Welcome to Tipoca City, Master\
			Jedi.\
\
OBI-WAN wipes the rain from his face and blinks in surprise at a tall, pasty-white alien named TAUN WE. He has large, almond shaped eyes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				TAUN WE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Everything is ready. The Prime\
			Minister expects you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(warily)\
			I'm expected?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				TAUN WE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Of course! He is anxious to see\
			you. After all these years, we\
			were beginning to think you\
			weren't coming. Now please, this\
			way!\
\
OBI-WAN masks his surprise as they move away along the corridor.\
\
Obi-Wan follows Taun We cautiously.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. TIPOCA CITY, PRIME MINISTER OFFICE - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The door slides open. OBI-WAN and TAUN WE enter and cross to where LAMA SU rises, smiling, from behind his desk, which, like all the furniture on Kamino, seems made out of pure light.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				TAUN WE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			May I present Lama Su, Prime\
			Minister of Kamino... and this is\
			Master Jedi...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Obi-Wan Kenobi.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				LAMA SU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Please...\
\
LAMA SU indicates a chair. OBI-WAN sits. TAUN WE hovers. The room is bathed in brilliant white light. The whole place is ultra high-tech.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				LAMA SU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I trust you are going to enjoy\
			your stay. We are most happy you\
			have arrived at the best part of\
			the season.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You make me feel most welcome.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				LAMA SU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			And now to business. You will be\
			delighted to hear we are on\
			schedule. Two hundred thousand\
			units are ready, with another\
			million well on the way.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(improvising)\
			That is... good news.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				LAMA SU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Please tell your Master Sido-Dyas\
			that we have every confidence his\
			order will be met on time and in\
			full. He is well, I hope?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm sorry Master - ?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				LAMA SU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas. He's still\
			a leading member of the Jedi\
			Council, is he not?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Oh, yes. Sido-Dyas.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				LAMA SU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(rising)\
			You must be anxious to inspect the\
			units for yourself.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			That's why I'm here.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. NABOO, MOUNTAIN MEADOW - LATER AFTERNOON\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 PADME and ANAKIN are in the middle of an idyllic hilly meadow, its lush grasses sprinkled with flowers. At a distance, a herd of SHAAKS graze contentedly.\
\
Beyond is the shimmering expanse of the lake. Several other lakes stretch to the horizon. The warm air is full of little floating puffballs. They sit on the grass, in a playful, coy mood, talking. PADME is picking flowers.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don't know...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Sure you do... you just don't want\
			to tell me.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Are you going to use one of your\
			Jedi mind tricks on me?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			They only work on the weak-minded.\
			You are anything but weak-minded.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			All right... his name was Palo.\
			I was twelve. We were both in the\
			Legislative Youth Program. He was\
			a few years older then I... very\
			cute... dark curly hair... dreamy\
			eyes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			All right, I get the picture...\
			whatever happened to him?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I went on to become a Queen. He\
			went on to become an artist.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Maybe he was the smart one.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You really don't like politicians,\
			do you?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I like two or three, but I'm not\
			really sure about one of them.\
				(smiling)\
			I don't think the system works.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			How would you have it work?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			We need a system where the\
			politicians sit down and discuss\
			the problems, agree what's in the\
			best interests of all the people,\
			and then do it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			That is exactly what we do. The\
			trouble is that people don't\
			wlways agree. In fact, they\
			hardly ever do.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Then they should be made to.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			By whom? Who's going to make them?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don't know. Someone.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Of course not me.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			But someone.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Someone wise.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			That sounds an awful lot like a\
			dictatorship to me.\
\
A mischievious little grin creeps across his face.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Well, if it works...\
\
PADME stares at ANAKIN. He looks back at her, straight-faced, and can't hold a smile.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You're making fun of me.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			 	(sarcastic)\
			On no, I'd be much too frightened\
			to tease a Senator.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You're so bad!\
\
PADME picks up a piece of fruit and throws it at him. He catches it. PADME throws two more pieces of fruit, and ANAKIN catches them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You're always so serious. Always\
			carrying the weight of the\
			universe on your shoulders.\
\
ANAKIN then starts to juggle the fruit. PADME laughs and throws more fruit at him. He manages to juggle them too until there are too many, and he loses control and ducks, letting food fall on his head. They both laugh.\
\
ANAKIN stands in front of a SHAAK, yelling at it and waving his arms. PADME starts laughing as ANAKIN runs in circles, chased by the SHAAK.\
\
The SHAAK crosses in front of PADME. ANAKIN is riding it, facing the SHAAK'S tail. The SHAAK bucks, and ANAKIN falls off. PADME laughs even harder. ANAKIN lies still. PADME jumps uip and runs to where ANAKIN is face down in the grass. She turns him over. He is pulling a stupid face at her. She yelps in mock fury and takes a swing at him. He catches her arm. She struggles. They roll over in the grass. Suddenly, they become aware of the contact between them. They let go of each other quickly and sit up, looking away.\
\
ANAKIN stands up and holds out his hand to her. She take it. He pulls her up. And now they are easy together, not self-conscious any more. PADME scrambles up onto the SHAAK behind ANAKIN. She puts her arms around his waist and leans against his back. ABAJUB digs his heels in. The SHAAK starts forward, and they ride away.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TIPOCA CITY, PARADE GROUND (RAINSTORM) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 OBI-WAN, LAMA SU and TAUN WE come out onto a balcony. Below is a huge parade ground. The rain and wind are brutal. THOUSANDS OF STORMTROOPERS, faces covered by helmets, are marching and drilling in formations of several hundred.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				LAMA SU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(beaming)\
			Magnificent, aren't they?\
\
OBI-WAN nods slowly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. TIPOCA CITY, CLONE CENTER, COMMINSSARY - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 LAMA SU conducts OBI-WAN through a large eating area. TAUN WE follows as they walk by HUNDREDS OF CLONES who look exactly alike, all about twenty years old, dressed in black. They are seated at tables, eating.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				LAMA SU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			We modified their genetic\
			structure to make them less\
			independent than the original\
			host. As a result they are\
			totally obedient, taking any order\
			without question.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAM\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Who was the original host?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				LAMA SU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			A bounty hunter called Jango Fett.\
			We felt a Jedi would be the\
			perfect choice, but Sido-Dyas hand-\
			picked Jango Fett himself.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Where is this bounty hunter now?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				LAMA SU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Oh, we keep him here. After a few\
			hundred thousand clones, the\
			genetic pattern starts to fade, so\
			we take a fresh supply. He lives\
			here, but he's free to come and go\
			as he pleases.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. TIPOCA CITY, CLONE CENTER, BARRACKS - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The tour continues through a long corridor folled with narrow, transparent tubes into which CLONES are climbing. Once in the tube, the CLONE goes to sleep.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				LAMA SU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Apart from his pay, which is\
			considerable, Fett demanded only\
			one thing - an unaltered clone for\
			himself. Curious isn't it?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Unaltered?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				LAMA SU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Pure genetic replication. No\
			tampering with the structure to\
			make it more docile... and no\
			growth acceleration...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I would like to meet this Jango\
			Fett.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				TAUN WE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I would be most happy to arrange\
			it, for you.\
\
TAUN WE bows, and leaves.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. TIPOCA CITY, CLONE CENTER, CLASSROOM - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The tour continues through a classroom filled with IDENTICAL YOUNG BOY CLONES.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You mentioned growth\
			acceleration...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				LAMA SU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Oh yes, it's essential.\
			Otherwise, a mature clone would\
			take a lifetime to grow. Now, we\
			can do it in half the time. Those\
			items you saw on the parade ground\
			were started ten years ago, when\
			Sido-dyas first placed the order,\
			and they're already mature...\
\
OBI-WAN looks at the BOY CLONES.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			And these?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				LAMA SU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			About five years ago.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. TIPOCA CITY, CLONE CENTER, HATCHERY - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 They enter a space filled with great racks of glass spheres, which are filled with fluid in which EMBRYOS are suspended.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				LAMA SU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			They're immensely superior to\
			droids, capable of independent\
			thought and action.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Very impressive.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				LAMA SU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'd hoped you would be pleased. \
\
OBI-WAN gazes at the nearest embryos.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(carefully)\
			Tell me, prime minister, when my\
			Master Sido-dyas first contacted\
			you, did he say the order was\
			for... himself... or?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				LAMA SU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Himself? Of course not. This\
			army is for the Republic?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(astonished)\
			The Repubic?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				LAMA SU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			We are also very much agasint this\
			Count Dooku and his seccessionist\
			movement. We are proud to be of\
			help to the Republic.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. TIPOCA CITY, APARTMENT - LATE DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 TAUN WE shows OBI-WAN into his room.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				TAUN WE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I have arranged for you to meet\
			Jango Fett in the morning. Sleep\
			well.\
\
TAUN WE goes. The door slides closed behind him. OBI-WAN looks around, then moves swiftly to check the room over. Finally, satisfied, he takes out his comlink.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Arfour, Arfour...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TIPOCA CITY LANDING PLATFORM, JEDI FIGHTER, (RAINSTORM) - LATE DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The R4 D17, Obi-Wan's Astro-Droid, who is sitting on top of Obi-Wan's Starfighter, switches on and BEEPS.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. TIPOCA CITY, APARTMENT - LATE DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 OBI-WAN hears ARFOUR BEEP through his comlink.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Arfour, relay this, "scramble code\
			five," to Courscant: care of "the\
			old folks home."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TIPOCA CITY LANDING PLATFORM, JEDI FIGHTER, (RAINSTORM) - LATE DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ARFOUR BEEPS and WHISTLES. The panels light up inside the cockpit, as the message is transmitted.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. JEDI TEMPLE, LIVINF QUARTERS - EARLY EVENING\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 YODA and MACE WINDU listen as a hologram of OBI-WAN stands between them broadcasting the massage. The singnal is very weak, the image fades in and out.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			...I've never heard of a Jedi\
			called Sido-Dyas, have you, Master?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			No. Whoever placed that order was\
			not a Jedi, I can assure you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I have a strong feeling that this\
			bounty hunter is the assassin\
			we're looking for.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Who he is working for... discover\
			that, you must.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I will, Master, and I will also\
			find out more about this clone\
			army... May The Force...\
\
The hologram switches off, and OBI-WAN fades away.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				WINDU \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			A clone army! Ordered by someone\
			in the Senate perhaps... Someone's\
			out to start a war.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Inform the chancellor of this, we\
			must.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Who do you think this impostor\
			Sido-Dyas, could be?\
\
YODA stares back at MACE WINDU, then slowly shakes his head.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The silent lodge. The triple moons of Naboo reflected in the tranquil waters of the lake.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, ANAKIN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN moves restlessly in his sleep. He mutters to himself. Sweat \
forms on his forehead. He turns violently. He cries out.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			No...No...No...Mom!...Don't,\
			no, don't!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, LODGE, BALCONY OVERLOOKING GARDENS - MORNING\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN is on the balcony overlooking the gardens. After a moment, PAMDE comes onto the balcony behind him. She sees he is meditating and turns to go.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(eyes closed)\
			Don't go.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PAMDE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don't want to disturb you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Your presence is soothing.\
\
Brief pause.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You had a nightmare again last\
			night.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Jedi don't have nightmares.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I heard you.\
\
ANAKIN'S opens his eyes and looks at her.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I saw my mother. I saw her as\
			clearly as I see you now. She's\
			suffering, Padme. She is in\
			pain...They're killing her!\
				(getting up)\
			I know I'm disobeying my mandate\
			to protect you, Senator. I know I\
			will be punished and possibly\
			thrown out of the Jedi Order, but\
			I must go. I have to help her!\
			I'm sorry, Padme. I don't have a\
			choice.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Annie, I told you I wouldn't let\
			you give up your future for me.\
			I'll go with you. That way you\
			can continue to protect me, and\
			you won't be disobeying your\
			mandate.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What about Master Obi-wan?\
\
PADME smiles and takes his hand.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I guess we won't tell him, will we?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. NABOO LAKE, FLOATING LANDING PLATFORM - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN and PADME step onto the landing platform from the water speeder. They enter the Naboo Starship. ARTOO BEEPS, and follows them on board. The ramp retracts.\
\
PADDY ACCU drives the water speeder away from the platform as Anakin's Starship takes off.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TIPOCA CITY (RAINSTORM) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 Rain lashes the city. Below, mightly waves pound the stilts, breaking almost to the height of the platforms.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. TIPOCA CITY, CORRIDOR - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 TAUN WE conducts OBI-WAN to the door of Jango Fett's apartment. TAUN WE waves his hand, and a muted bell RINGS.\
\
As they wait, OBI-WAN notes the door lock entry mechanism. Then the door opens, and a ten-year-old boy, BOBA FETT, looks at them. He is identical to the boys in the classroom.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				TAUN WE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Boba, is your father here?\
\
There is a brief pause, then BOBA FETT nods.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				TAUN WE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			May we see him?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				BOBA FETT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Sure.\
\
Another brief pause, then BOBA FETT steps aside, and TAUN WE and OBI-WAN go through.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. TIPOCA CITY, FETT APARTMENT - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 OBI-WAN, TAUN WE, and BOBA FETT enter the apartment. OBI-WAN looks around the room.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				BOBA FETT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Dad! Taun We's here!\
\
JANGO FETT comes in from the bedroom. He wears a jumpsuit. He is unshaven and mean looking, his face pitted with scars of old wounds. There are a couple of weird tattoos on his muscular forearms. He eyes OBI-WAN with suspicion.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				TAUN WE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Welcome back, Jango. Was your\
			trip productive?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JANGO FETT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Fairly.\
\
OBI-WAN and JANGO FETT size each other up. BOBA FETT studies both of them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				TAUN WE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			This is Jedi Master, Obi-Wan\
			Kenobi. He's come to check on our\
			progress.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JANGO FETT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			That right?\
\
JANGO FETT'S eyes fix OBI-WAN coldly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Your clones are very impressive.\
			You must be very proud.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JANGO FETT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm just a simple man, trying to\
			make my way in the universe,\
			Master Jedi.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Aren't we all?\
\
OBI-WAN eyes the half-open bedroom door, through which a couple of pieces of body armour can be seen on the floor. JANGO FETT registers OBI-WAN'S look. He moves in front of him, blocking the view.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Ever made your way as far into the\
			interior as Coruscant?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JANGO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Once or twice.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Recently?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JANGO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(eyes Obi-Wan carefully)\
			Possibly...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Then you must know Master Sido-\
			Dyas?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JANGO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Boba, close the door.\
\
BOBA FETT moves to close the bedroom door. JANGO FETT smiles thinly at OBI-WAN.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JANGO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Master who?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Sido-Dyas. Isn\'92t he the Jedi who\
			hired you for this job?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JANGO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Never heard of him. I was\
			recuited by a man called Darth\
			Tyranus on one of the moons of\
			Bogden.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			No? I thought...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				TAUN WE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Sido-Dyas told us to expect him.\
			And he showed up just when your\
			Jedi Master said he would. We\
			have kept the Jedi\'92s involvement\
			a secret until your arrival, just\
			as your Master requested.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Curious...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JANGO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Do you like your army?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It seems to me it's your army -\
			being that they are all clones of\
			you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JANGO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(grinning)\
			They'll do their job well, I'll\
			guarantee that.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I look forward to seeing them in\
			action. Thank you for your time,\
			Jango.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JANGO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Always a pleasure to meet a Jedi.\
\
OBI-WAN and TAUN WE go out. The door slides closed. JANGO FETT turns to his son. He is deep in thought.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				BOBA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What is it, Dad?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. SPACE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The Naboo Starship heads toward the desert planet of Tatooine.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TATOOINE, MOS ESPA STREETS AND WATTO'S SHIP - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The Naboo Starship lands in a large parking lot of Spaceships on the outskirts of Mos Espa. ANAKIN and PADME ride a rickshaw through the streets. ANAKIN stares at sights he hasn't seen for years. Finally, they come  to Wattos' shop, and the rickshaw stops.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(to the droid driver)\
			Wait, please.\
\
ANAKIN and PADME get down. Sitting on a stool in front of the shop is WATTO. He is using a small electronic screwdriver on a fiddly DROID. THREE PIT DROIDS are chattering away and are trying to help him, but they seem only to make him madder.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				WATTO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(yelling, in Huttese)\
			No, not that one - that one!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(arriving)\
			Excuse me, Watto.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				WATTO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(in Huttese)\
			What?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(in Huttese)\
			I said excuse me.\
\
WATTO turns to the chattering PIT DROIDS.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				WATTO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(in Huttese)\
			Shut down.\
\
The PIT DROIDS snap into their storage position.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				WATTO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing, in Huttese)\
			What? I don't know you... What can\
			I do for you? You look like a\
			Jedi. Whatever it is... I didn't\
			do it.\
\
WATTO drops the screwdriver and curses loudly in Huttese\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Let me help you with that.\
\
ANAKIN takes the fiddly piece of equipment and starts to play with it. WATTO blinks in surprise.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			I'm looking for Shmi Skywalker.\
\
WATTO looks at him suspiciously. He stares at PADME, then back to ANAKIN.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				WATTO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Annie?? Little Annie?? Naaaah!!\
\
Suddenly, the fiddly piece of equipment in Anakin's hands WHIRS into life. WATTO blinks at it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				WATTO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing; in English)\
			You are Annie! It is you! You\
			little womp rat.\
\
WATTO gives ANAKIN a big hug.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				WATTO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			You sure sprouted Weehoo! A\
			Jedi! Waddya know? Hey, maybe\
			you couldda help wit some\
			daedbeats who owe...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			My mother...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				WATTO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Oh, yeah. Shmi... she's not mine\
			no more. I sold her.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Sold her...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				WATTO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Years ago. Sorry, Anne, but you\
			know, business is business.\
			Sold her to a moisture farmer\
			named Lars. Least I think it was\
			Lars. Believe it or not, I heard\
			he freed her and married her. Can\
			ya beat that?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Do you know where they are?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				WATTO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Long way from here... someplace\
			over on the other side of Mos\
			Eisley, I think...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'd like to know.\
\
ANAKIN'S grim look means business; WATTO gets the hint quickly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				WATTO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Yeah... sure... absolutely. Let's\
			go look in my records.\
\
ANAKIN and WATTO go into the shop.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TIPOCA CITY (RAINSTORM) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The waves crash against the water city as the storm continues. Light suddenlyt streams from the base of a landing platform as a door slides open.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. TIPOCA CITY, CORRIDOR - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 OBI-WAN stands with LAMA SU and TAUN WE just inside the open door.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				LAMA SU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Tell your Council the first\
			battalions are ready. And remind\
			them that if they need more\
			troops, we will need time to grow\
			them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I won't forget.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TIPOCA CITY, KAMINO LANDING PLATFORM (RAINSTORM) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 OBI-WAN comes out from the tower into the driving ran. The door closes behind him. He pulls his robe around him and stands braced against the gale.\
\
Below, a huge wave crashes against the stilts. Spray flies high and whips across the platform where OBI-WAN is standing. He walks over to his Starfighter, looks to see if anyone is watching, then turns and goes back to the door. It slides open.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. TIPOCA CITY, CORRIDOR - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 OBI-WAN enters cautiously from outside. Ahead, the corridor is deserted. He moves down it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. TIPOCA CITY, FETT APARTMENT - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 OBI-WAN walks in to find the room in complete disorder. The bedroom door is wide open - clear signs of hurried departure. All of the Fetts' personal belongings are gone.\
\
OBI-WAN goes to an ultra-thin computer screen. He punches up AN ONSCREEN PICTURE of JANGO FETT and BOBA FETT unhitching the lines securing their ship to the landing platform. JANGO FETT is wearing his armour and rocket pack. BOBA FETT climbs aboard the small Fighter.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TIPOCA CITY, KAMINO LANDING PLATFORM (RAINSTORM) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 JANGO FETT picks up a case and swings it up to BOBA FETT, who stows it inside the ship. JANGO FETT picks up another case and is about to swing it, when:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				BOBA FETT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Dad!!\
\
JANGO FETT turns to see OBI-WAN charging out of the tower toward him. As he runs, OBI-WAN draws his lightsaber from his belt. It flashes on.\
\
JANGO FETT draws his gun and fires at the charging JEDI. OBI-WAN deflects the blast and swings at JANGO FETT.\
\
The bounty hunter rockets up and over OBI-WAN, landing behind him. He fires a thin wire from his wrist pack, trying to entangle the Jedi.\
\
JANGO FETT fire several Kamino Kyber Darts from his elbow launcher. OBI-WAN deflects them back at JANGO FETT, but they strike harmlessly against the bounty hunter's armour.\
\
IN THE COCKPIT of Jango Fett's ship, BOBA FETT grabs the controls of a laser gun and swings it to aim at OBI-WAN.\
\
OUTSIDE, in the driving rain, OBI-WAN and JANGO FETT circle each other, sizing each other up - feinting.\
\
IN THE COCKPIT, each time BOBA FETT is ready to fire, JANGO FETT blocks his view of OBI-WAN.\
\
OUTSIDE, OBI-WAN makes a sudden attack, swinging at JANGO FETT, who deflects the blows. One slices off a piece of the bounty hunter's shoulder plate. JANGO FETT rockets into the air and hovers above OBI-WAN. The Jedi spins as:\
\
IN THE COCKPIT, BOBA FETT fires.\
\
OUTSIDE, the laser shell streaks past OBI-WAN to strike the edge of the tower. JANGO FETT fires down at OBI-WAN. The Jedi deflects the shots back, but JANGO FETT evades them. Then he swoops down, swinging around OBI-WAN. As he shoots past, he kicks the lightsaber out of the Jedi's hand.\
\
The lightsaber skids across the wet surface of the landing platform. OBI-WAN dives after it. JANGO FETT zooms in front of him and grabs the lightsaber. OBI-WAN punches it out of his hand.\
\
IN THE COCKPIT, BOBA FETT watches as:\
\
OUTSIDE, OBI-WAN and JANGO FETT grapple and fight, punching, kicking, grabbing hold, and throwing each other around. OBI-WAN grabs JANGO FETT tightly, and JANGO FETT rockets up into the air and kicks OBI-WAN loose. OBI-WAN crashes to the deck and slides toward the edge. He grapples desperately for a handhold on the slick surface.\
\
JANGO FETT rockets down to kick at him. OBI-WAN hauls himself up. JANGO FETT zooms to the far side of the platform.\
\
OBI-WAN uses Jedi powers to pull part of the structure loose. It hits JANGO FETT, who loses his balance, teetering on the edge. OBI-WAN charges acress, dives, and grabs hold of JANGO FETT just as he falls over the edge.\
\
Locked together, OBI-WAN and JANGO FETT plummet down toward the raging ocean. At the last moment, JANGO FETT fires a cable out of his backpack that shoots upward and locks onto a metal strut on the underside of the platform. OBI-WAN and JANGO FETT swing and CRASH onto one of the stilts.\
\
OBI-WAN is knocked clear and drops onto a SMALL SERVICE PLATFORM just above the waves. He hauls himself to his feet. JANGO FETT hovers in mid-air opposite him, as a HUGE WAVE crashes over OBI-WAN. When it subsides, the Jedi has disappeared.\
\
JANGO FETT rockets up to the landing platform, where he drops down beside his ship. He clambers inside the cockpit and settles into the pilot's seat. He punches buttons. The engines ROAR.\
\
OUTSIDE, Jango Fett's ship lifts off from the platform and heads up into the lowering sky. It disappears. Lightning flashes. Rain lashes the tower and streams across the surface of the platform, to where:\
\
A HAND suddenlt clutches at the very edge of the platform. A moment later, ANOTHER HAND grabs hold.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TATOOINE, BLUFF OVERLOOKING HOMESTEAD - LATE DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The Naboo Starship descends, hovers, and land on a bluff. ANAKIN and PADME get out. They look down from the edge of the bluff to where the homestead is seen on the desert floor below.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Stay with the ship, Artoo.\
\
ARTOO WHISTLES as ANAKIN and PADME start down the trail toward the homestead.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TATOOINE, DESERT, HOMESTEAD MOISTURE FARM - LATE DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 C-3PO is working outside the homestead. He still lacks an outer covering; his inner parts and wiring show. He looks up as ANAKIN and PADME arrive,\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Good evening. May I help you?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Threepio?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Oh, my... oh, my! Master\
			Anakin! My goodness, I can hardly\
			believe it! And this must be Miss\
			Padme.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Hello, Threepio.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I've come to see my mother.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Oh, dear! I'm so terribly sorry,\
			Master Annie.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Threepio, what's happened?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I think we'd better go inside.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, COURTYARD - LATE DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN, PADME and THREEPIO arrive in the courtyard. THREEPIO shuffles ahead.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Master Lars - Master Owen!\
			Somebody to see you!\
\
OWEN LARS and BERU WHITESUN come out into the courtyard.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm Anakin Skywalker. I'm here\
			looking for my mother.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OWEN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Owen Lars... I guess I'm your\
			step-brother.\
				(they shake hands)\
			This is my girlfriend, Beru.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				BERU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Hello.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm Padme.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OWEN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I had a feeling you might show up\
			some day.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Is my mother here?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				CLIEGG\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			No, she's not.\
\
CLIEGG LARS swings from the house on a small floating chair. One of his legs is heavily bandaged; the other is missing. He balances awkwardly and puts out a hand.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				CLIEGG\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Cliegg Lars. Shmi is my wife...\
			Come on inside. We have a lot to\
			talk about.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, KITCHEN - LATE DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 BERU puts several steaming cups of ardees on a tray and exits the kitchen...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				CLIEGG (O.S.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It was just before dawn. They\
			came out of nowhere. A hunting\
			party of Tusekn Raiders.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, DINING AREA - LATE DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 CLIEGG, OWEN, PADME and ANAKIN sit around the table, BERU brings the drinks from the kitchen.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				CLIEGG\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Your mother had gone out early,\
			like she always did, to pick\
			mushrooms that grow on the\
			vaporatos. From the tracks, she\
			was about halfway when they\
			took her. Those Tuskens walk like\
			men, but they're vicious, mindless\
			monsters. Thirty of us went out\
			after her. Four of us came back.\
			Three more are still out there\
			looking. I'd be with them,\
			only... I just couldn't ride any\
			more... until I heal.\
\
CLIEGG grimaces, easing his throbbing leg.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				CLIEGG\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			This isn't the way I wanted to\
			meet you, son. This isn't how\
			your mother and I planned it. I\
			don't want to give up on her, but\
			she's been gone a month. There's\
			little hope she's lasted this long.\
\
Silence. Then ANAKIN stands up.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OWEN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Where are you going?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			To find my mother.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			No, Annie!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				CLIEGG\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			She's daed, son. Accept it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I can feel her pain, and I will\
			find her. I know she's alive.\
\
ANAKIN turns abruptly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, MOISTURE FARM - LATE DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN stands looking across the desert. PADME comes running out of the homestead after him, followed by OWEN. ANAKIN turns to PADME.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You are going to have to stay\
			here. These are good people,\
			Padme. You'll be safe.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OWEN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Take my speeder bike.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Anakin...\
\
PADME hugs him. ANAKIN walks over to Owen's speeder bike, which is standing close by.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I trust you'll watch over her,\
			Owen.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OWEN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Don't worry.\
\
ANAKIN swings onto the bike. The engine fires.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I won't be long.\
\
ANAKIN takes off across the desert. PADME watches him go.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. SPACE, GEONOSIS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The red planet of Geonosis is circled by a large asteroid field that form rings. Jango Fett's ship appears, heading toward it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. COCKPIT, FETT SHIP, SPACE, GEONOSIS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 JANGO FETT grins at BOBA FETT.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JANGO FETT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Nearly there, son.\
\
JANGO FETT guides he ship around the asteroids. Suddenly:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				BOBA FETT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Dad, look!!\
\
On the view screen, Obi-Wan's ship appears, chasing after them. JANGO FETT grabs the controls. They are thrown around as the ship plummets to try to lose OBI-WAN.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JANGO FETT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Hang on!\
\
The ship goes into a power-climb. A GREAT SPACE DDOGFIGHT ensues between OBI-WAN and JANGO FETT.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. SPACE, GEONOSIS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The ships flip, roll, and turn at incredible speed, didging, weaving and firing. They tumble from near misses. Hits fly off Obi-Wan's fighter as one of Jango's missiles gets through.\
\
Finally, it seems as if OBI-WAN is getting the upper hand. JANGO FETT breaks off the fight and dives sharply. He maneuvers deftly between two huge asteroids.\
\
In JANGO FETT'S COCKPIT, BOBA FETT flinches as asteroids pass very close by.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				BOBA FETT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Dad! Watch out!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JANGO FETT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Stay calm, son. We'll be fine.\
			That Jedi won't be able to follow\
			us through this.\
\
But Obi-Wan ship dives into the asteroid belt after them.\
\
IN OBI-WAN'S COCKPIT, his skill is pushed to the limit as he throws the ship from side to side, avoiding great rocks. Then a huge asteroid tumbles across his path. There seem no way he can avoid it. OBI-WAN fires a couple of aerial torpedoes. They streak toward the asteroid.\
\
IN JANGO'S COCKPIT, they see the huge explosion as Obi-Wan's ship appears to smash into the asteroid.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				BOBA FETT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Got him! Yeahhhhh!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JANGO FETT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			We won't see him again.\
\
BOBA FETT laughs. Jango Fett's ship emerges from the asteroid belt and heads down toward the planet of Geonosis.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TATOOINE, DESERT, JAWA CAMP - SUNSET\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN stands in the middle of a crowd of JAWAS. He asks them from directions. The JAWAS confer exicitedly, then the CHIEF JAWA points in a particular direction. ANAKIN gets on the bike and speeds off to where the JAWA pointed.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TATOOINE, DUNE SEA, CAMPFIRE - TWILIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN rides over a large dune toward a small flickering light in the distance.\
\
He rides up and stops the bike in front of a campfire. There are bodies of THREE DEAD FARMERS lying beside the campfire. TWO EOPIES are thethered nearby, along with a burned and smoking speeder.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TATOOINE, LANDSCAPE (FULL MOON) - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 THREE DIFFERENT SHOTS. ANAKIN rids the speeder bike through three exotic landscapes. In one shot, he stops and looks down at some tracks. Then he starts up his speeder and rides off.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TATOOINE, DESERT, HOMESTEAD (FULL MOON) - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The lights of the vaporators blink in the night sky. Somewhere close by, a night animal HOWLS.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, COURTYARD (FULL MOON) - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 PADME is pacing the courtyard restlessly. She stops, listening to the animal HOWLING nearby. She shivers slightly, then turns and goes into the garage at the side of the courtyard.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD - GARAGE (FULL MOON) - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 PADME stands looking at a speeder parked in the garage. Short silence. Then:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Please don't leave us, Miss Padme.\
			These people need your help.\
\
THREEPIO is parked in a corner.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm not leaving, Threepio. I just\
			can't sleep.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			That's something I cannot relate\
			to. As a Protocol Droid, I'm\
			either active or inactive.\
			There's no in-between.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I guess you're lucky.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Do you really think so..? I\
			suppose I shouldn't expect...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You're not happy here?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Oh, I'm not unhappy... and my\
			masters here ar so kind I\
			wouldn't wish to trouuble them,\
			it's just... being like this...\
			well, it's embarrassing.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Being like what?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Naked. If you pardon the\
			expression. You see, when Master\
			Annie made me, he never quite\
			found the time to give me any\
			outer covering. It's so\
			humiliating. How would you like it\
			if you had to go around with all\
			your circuits showing?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I guess I wouldn't like it at all.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Of course you wouldn't. Nobody\
			would. It's simply not protocol.\
\
PADME looks thoughtfully at a pile of spare parts and bits of metal and tools.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Maybe we can do something about it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don't think so. Only Master\
			Annie...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Why not? They seem to have a box\
			of old coverings here.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Oh? How observant of you, Miss\
			Padme. Of course, I'm just not\
			mechanically minded... if you see\
			what I mean.\
\
PADME picks up a piece of metal and holds it against him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Let's see, if we put this...\
			here...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Ooooh! That's tickles.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You'll have to be quiet, Threepio.\
			Hold still, please.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. SPACE, GEONOSIS RINGS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 A huge chunk of rock tumbles slowly through the asteroid bely. CAMERA CLOSES, to discover Obi-Wan's Starship hidden in a blasted-out area on the pitted back side of the great rock.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. COCKPIT, JEDI FIGHTER, SPACE, GEONOSIS RINGS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 OBI-WAN looks out toward Geonosis and sees in the distance a large fleet of Trade Federation Ships hidden among the asteroids. He starts the engines of his fighter.\
\
Obi-Wan's Fighter moves out from the back side of the asteroid and heads away from the asteroid field, descending toward Geonosis.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. GEONOSIS, LANDING AREA - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 Obi-Wan's ship skims across the top of a small mesa along the edge of a rocky ridge. He maneuvers under a rock overhang and lands. He gets out of the Fighter and walks onto the mesa. The wind whips at him. He looks around.\
\
Geonosis is a red rock planet, featureless apart from buttes and mesas, and occasional tall stalagmites that stand out dramatically on the arid plains.\
\
The night is quiet, except for an occasional WEIRD CRY. OBI-WAN checks his bearings, then heads away.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. GEONOSIS, ROCK FACE TRAIL - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 OBI-WAN climbs a steep, narrow trail. Suddenly, a CRY is heard close by. OBI-WAN stumbles slightly. His foot slips on the edge, sending a stream of peblles skittering into the darkness.\
\
OBI-WAN listens. Silence. He draws his lightsaber but does not ignite it.\
\
He sets off again and works his way around a narrow corner, to confront a crouching MASSIFF (a dog-sized lizard) with slavering fangs! The beast leaps at him, and OBI-WAN ignites his lightsaber as the MASSIFF knocks him on his back. Its jaws open wide. OBI-WAN stabs the creature, throws it off of him, and jumps up.\
\
A SECOND MASSIFF jumps from behind. OBI-WAN swings around and cuts it in half. The MASSIFF flies over the cliff, HOWLING. It plummets to its death hundreds of feet below.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TATOOINE, CLIFF (FULL MOON) - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN pulls up near the edge of a cliff. He gets off the bike and creeps to the edge. He looks over to see a Tusken camp in the oasis below. One of the huts at the edge of the camp has TWO TUSKEN GUARDS outside it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TATOOINE, TUSKEN RAIDER CAMP, OASIS (FULL MOON) - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN creeps through the camp, working his way from hut to hut, flattening himself against the wall,s overhearing snatches of Tusken conversation from inside, using the shadows to him him until he arrives at the hut with the TWO GUARDS. They are sitting a short distance from the door. ANAKIN wriggles around the black. He takes out his lightsaber and cuts into the base of the wall.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. TUSKEN RAIDER HUTT - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The lightsaber completes the hole in the wall. ANAKIN wriggles in. He pulls himself to his feet. There are candles everywhere.\
\
A shaft of moonlight from a hole in the roof pierces the gloom of the hut. By its light, ANAKIN sees SHMI, hanging from a wooden frame in the middle of the hut.\
\
He cuts her free, takes her into his arms, and lowers her gently to the ground. Her eyes are closed. Her face is bloodied. She has been \
terribly beaten. Anakin cradles her tenderly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Mom... Mom... Mom... \
\
SHMI'S eyelids flutter - and barely open. They are caked with blood.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SHMI\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Annie...? Is it you?\
\
SHMI'S eyes focus slowly. ANAKIN gives a little choking gasp.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I\'92m here, Mom. You\'92re safe. Hang\
			on. I\'92m going to get you out of\
			here...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SHMI\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I\'92m so glad... to see you,\
			Annie... Now... I am complete...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Just stay with me, Mom. I\'92m going\
			to make you well again.\
			Everything\'92s going to be fine.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SHMI\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You look so handsome. My son...\
			my grown-up son. I\'92m so proud of\
			you, Annie... so proud... I missed\
			you so much... I love...\
\
SHMI dies. ANAKIN draws her to his breast. There is silence for a moment. ANAKIN lifts his head, listening for a moment, then he sits on the floor of the Tusken hut, cradling his dead mother in his arms.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. GEONOSIS, ROCK FACE TRAIL - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 OBI-WAN arrives at the head of the trail. Far below, a flat plain stretches into the distance. He stop, peering into the darkness, where strange shapes loom indistinctly.\
\
OBI-WAN takes a pair of electronic binoculars from his belt and puts them to his eyes. He sees a cluster of great towers like fantastic stalagmites rise from the plain below.\
\
SLOW PAN with the binoculars, and suddenly a line of Battle Starships come into view. OBI-WAN touches the viewfinder. Between fifty and a hundred Federation Starships in near rows. Some are on platforms that are carrying the Starships diwn to an underground facility. Other platforms are rising to the surface. They carry THOUSANDS of BATTLE DROIDS that step off and file into the waiting ships. A fully loaded Starship takes off. OBI-WAN swings the binoculars upward, to see more Federation Starships.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TATOOINE, TUSKEN RAIDER CAMP, OASIS - DAWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The pale light grows. Thin tendrils of smoke rise slowly in the cold, clear air. Somewhere an dog BARKS. An OLD WOMAN comes out of one of the huts. She carries a pail. She swirls it and tosses the dirty water onto the ground.\
\
As she goes back inside the hut, a TUSKEN CHILD runs past, dragging a stick in the sand. The CHILD runs through the line of huts, turns a corner, and stops suddenly, staring at the bodies of the TWO TUSKEN GUARDS. Between them, ANAKIN stands outside the hut door. His face is a grim mask. The CHILD stares, then there is a FLASH OF LIGHT as Anakin\'92s lightsaber switches on.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. GEONOSIS, LANDING AREA - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 OBI-WAN comes running back to his ship and climbs into the cockpit. He settles into his seat. His ARFOUR DROID beeps a happy greeting. OBI-WAN switches on his comlink.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			"Guiding light" to "old folks\
			home."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. CORUSCANT, REPUBLIC EXECUTIVE BUILDING - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 LOW ANGLE. A line of reflecting pools with splashing fountains flanked by statues on each side leads to the main entrance to the awesome building.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. CORUSCANT, CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 A hologram of OBI-WAN flickers in front of a group, made up of Jedi (YODA, MACE WINDU, and KI-ADI-MUNDI) and Senators (BAIL ORGANA, ASK AAK, LUMINARA, and JAR JAR). PALPATINE and MAS AMEDDA are in the middle of the group, watching with growing concern.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			...Starships from the Trade\
			Federation and the Commerce Guilds\
			are taking deliveries of battle\
			droids from the foundries on\
			Geonosis.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				BAIL ORGANA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			That's outrageous! The treaty\
			forbids the Trade Federation from\
			building up an army. What are\
			they doing?!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			The droid foundry seems to be\
			working at full capacity. I am\
			going to go down and investigate.\
			I will bring Jango Fett back home\
			for interrogation.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Those Geonosian foundries are part\
			of the Techno Union. We will call\
			in their representatives and ask\
			them a few very pointed questions.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			One more thing. Jango mentioned\
			he was recruited by someone named\
			Darth Tyranus. Any idea who that\
			might be?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			With the forename Darth, a Sith he\
			must be.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Our missing apprentice. They are\
			playing their hand at last.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Do you believe he could be the\
			mysterious Sido-Dyas, who made the\
			deal for the clone army?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Perhaps too many pieces are missing\
			from this puzzle, there are.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Be careful, Obi-Wan. This\
			investigation is becoming less\
			than routine. Do you need help?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Let me see if I can figure out\
			what's going on first.\
\
The hologram of OBI-WAN fades off. PALPATINE stares at the spot where the hologram was in disbelief.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				BAIL ORGANA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			The Commerce Guilds are preparing\
			for war... there can be no doubt\
			of that.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Count Dooku must have made a\
			treaty with them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			We must stop them soon before\
			they're fully ready.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SENATOR ASK AAK\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			The debate is over, we need\
			that clone army now!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				BAIL ORGANA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Unfortunately, the debate is not\
			over. The Senate will never be\
			able to approve the use of that\
			army before the separatists\
			attack.\
\
Mas Amedda, who had been silent up until now suddenly speaks up.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MAS AMEDDA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			This is a crisis! If the Senate\
			votes the Chancellor emergency\
			powers, he could approve the use\
			of the army in a minute.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Please, please, I don't wish to\
			have emergency powers. That's too\
			extreme a solution. It's akin to\
			a dictatorship. We must rely on\
			the Jedi. Master Yoda, how many\
			are available to go to Geonosis?\
\
MACE WINDU and YODA look at one another.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Two Hundred,... less or more.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				BAIL ORGANA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			With all due respect for the Jedi\
			Order, two hundred will be no\
			match for hundreds of thousands of\
			battle droids.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Patience. We should wait for Obi-\
			Wan to report back. We don't know\
			that Count Dooku has made a treaty\
			with the Corporate Alliance, it's\
			speculation.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SENATOR ASK AAK\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			But we must prepare for the worst.\
			I'm going to propose a motion\
			granting emergency powers to the\
			Chancellor at the next session. We\
			must not wait!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Out of the question, Senator! You\
			and I are too closely aligned.\
			The issue will become partisan and\
			debates will begin. The proposal\
			must come from a neutral source.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MAS AMEDDA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			If only Senator Amidala were here.\
\
JAR JAR steps forward from the back of the group.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JAR JAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Supreme Chancellor... my august\
			colleagues, I would be proud to\
			propose the motion in question.\
			This is a grave situation, and I'm\
			sure Senator Amidala, and the\
			Queen of Naboo would agree.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SENATOR ASK AAK\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Thank you, Representative Binks.\
\
Silence. Then PALPATINE sighs deeply.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			If called upon, I will serve. But\
			it will be the saddest day of my\
			life.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TATOOINE, DESERT, HOMESTEAD MOISTURE FARM - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 All is quiet. BERU comes out of the house. She goes to a moisture line and starts to draw water.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, GARAGE - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 PADME fixes the last piece of covering onto THREEPIO.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			There!\
\
PADME stands back. OWEN is with her. They look at THREEPIO. He isn't the golden figure we know because PADME has had to use whatever stuff she could findin the garage. He is multi-coloured in several textures, but he is complete.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Um. How do I look?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OWEN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Great! You look perfect.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Perfect? Oh, Miss Padme, I'm so\
			happy!\
				(extending his hand to shake hers)\
			Oh, pardon me.\
\
THREEPIO drops his hand and bows formally.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				THREEPIO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Thank you.\
\
He forgets formality and hugs her. PADME hugs him back, laughing.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OWEN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(grinning)\
			Well, Padme, I think he should be\
			yours from now on... I know that\
			is what my Mom would want.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Oh, my!\
\
Then suddenly, from outside:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				BERU (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Come topside, everybody! He's\
			back! He's back!\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 PAGE 83\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 PAGE 84\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 PAGE 85\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 PAGE 86\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 PAGE 87\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 PAGE 88\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, GARAGE - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 A rough hologram of OBI-WAN is projected onto the garage by ARTOO. ANAKIN, PADME and THREEPIO watch the flickering image.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			...Alliance have pledged their\
			armies to Count Dooku and are\
			forming an... Wait!... ah...\
			attack... I don't... make it...\
			aaaggghhh!\
\
The hologram cuts off. ANAKIN jumps up, agitated.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm going after him!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I thought the first thing he said\
			was to retransmit his message to\
			Coruscant.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Yeah, you're right, you're right.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, MOISTURE FARM - LATE DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN, PADME, ARTOO and THREEPIO leave the homestead, waving to CLIEGG, OWEN and BERU as they go into the desert.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. COCKPIT, NABOO STARSHIP - SUNSET\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN sits down in the cockpit with PADME. THREEPIO is behind them. ARTOO is beside him. They are watching a hologram of MACE WINDU.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			We will deal with Count Dooku. The\
			most important thing for you,\
			Anakin, is to stay where you are.\
			Protect the Senator at all costs.\
			That is your priority.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Understood, Master.\
\
The hologram switches off. PADME is looking at the readout on the ship's control panel.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			They'll never get there in time to\
			save him. They have to come half\
			way across the galaxy. Look,\
			Geonosis is less than a parsec away.\
\
PADME starts to hit buttons and flick switches. ANAKIN puts a hand over hers, stopping her. She stares at him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			If he's still alive.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Annie, are you just going to sit\
			here and let him die?? He's your\
			friend... your mentor...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			...He's like my father, but you\
			heard Master Windu. He gave me\
			strict orders to stay here.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			He gave you strict orders to\
			protect me...\
\
PADME pulls her hand free and flicks more switches. The engines fire.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			...and I'm going to save Obi-Wan.\
			So if you plan to protect me, you\
			will have to come along.\
\
ANAKIN grins and takes the controls.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. TATOOINE, BLUFF OVERLOOKING HOMESTEAD - SUNSET\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The Naboo Starship rises from the bluff and zooms away.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. CORUSCANT, JEDI TEMPLE - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 TWO HUNDRED JEDI KNIGHTS are assembling outside the huge center of the Jedi Order.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. CORUSCANT, JEDI TEMPLE, COUNCIL CHAMBER - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The JEDI COUNCIL are assembled as MACE WINDU makes his plea.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			The longer we wait, the stronger\
			Dooku's armies become. We cannot\
			wait for the Senate to make up its\
			mind about granting the Chancellor\
			emergency powers, in order to be\
			able to use that clone army... We\
			have the authority to go now. We\
			must go now.\
\
All of the JEDI COUNCIL nod their approval.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Agreed, Master Windu. Two hundred\
			Jedi send. Enough, let's hope\
			they are.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. CORUSCANT, MAIN SENATE CHAMBER - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 Inside the great rotunda, the UPROAR is even louder. Opposing SENATOES yell furiously at one another.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MAS AMEDDA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Order! Order!!\
\
Finally, the uproar dies.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			In the regrettable absence of\
			Senator Amidala, the chair\
			recognises Senior\
			Representative of Naboo, Jar Jar\
			Binks.\
\
Amid the conflicting storm of CHEERS AND BOOS, JAR JAR, with TWO GUNGAN AIDES, floats on his pod to the middle of the vast space. He looks at PALPATINE nervously. PALPATINE nods. JAR JAR clears his throat.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JAR JAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Senators, dellow felagates...\
\
Laughter. Jeers. JAR JAR blushes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MAS AMEDDA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Order! The Senate will accord the\
			Representative the courtesy of a\
			hearing!\
\
Comparative quiet. JAR JAR grips the edge of the podium.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JAR JAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			In response to the direct threat\
			to the Republic from the\
			Confederacy of Independent\
			Systems, I propose that the Senate\
			gives immediate emergency powers to\
			the Supreme Chancellor.\
\
Uproar. JAR JAR looks a little sheepish.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JAR JAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Who can deny these are exceptional\
			times? Exceptional times demand\
			exceptional measures!\
			Exceptional measures demand\
			exceptional men!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ORN FREE TAA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			We won't support a dictator.\
\
SHOUTS of agreement.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JAR JAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			That is the sentiment every one of\
			us agrees with! And when the\
			shadow of war has dispersed and\
			the bright day of liberty has\
			dawned once again, the power we now\
			give to the Supreme Chancellor\
			will be gladly, and swiftly\
			returned. Out ancient liberties\
			will be restored to us, burnished\
			even more brightly than before!\
\
Brief silence, then a rolling wave of APPLAUSE. JAR JAR beams and bows.\
\
PALPATINE rises.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PALPATINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It is with great reluctance that\
			I have agreed to this calling. I\
			love democracy... I love the\
			Republic. The fact that this\
			crisis is demanding I be given\
			absolute power to tule over you is\
			evident. But I am mild by nature\
			and have no desire to destroy\
			the democratic process. The power you\
			give me I will lay down when this\
			crisis has abated, I promise you.\
			And all I ask in return is when my\
			current term of office is over,\
			you allow me to reture and live\
			out my life in peace.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MAS AMEDDA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			We shall proceed to the vote. All\
			those in favor of granting\
			emergency powers to the Supreme\
			Chancellor, signal ate at this\
			time... those opposed?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. SPACE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The Naboo Starship heads toward the rings of Geonosis.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. GEONOSIS, LANDING AREA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The Naboo Starship lands.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. COCKPIT, NAOO STARFIGHTER - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN switches off the engines. ARTOO and THREEPIO are in the navigation area of the cockpit. PADME is in the co-pilot's seat. She gets up.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Hey, where are you going?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			To find Obi-Wan.\
\
ANAKIN gets up and goes over to her.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			No! You're not!\
\
He grabs her arm.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Let go of me!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm not letting you go out there.\
			It's too dangerous.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What?!?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It's my job to protect you. I said\
			it's too dangerous. You're not\
			going, and that's final!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Don't you give me orders, Annie!\
			I'm a Senator of the Galactic\
			Republic. You have no authority\
			to contain me, restrain me, or\
			direct me! You remember your\
			place, young man.\
				(standing up)\
			Now you can come along and protect\
			me or stay here. It's up to you.\
\
PADME storms out of the cockpit of the Naboo Starfighter. ANAKIN stands scratching his head, then follows.\
\
ARTOO BEEPS and WHISTLES.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Yes, it is, Artoo. Most\
			confusing. One moment they're\
			generating a pleasant mutual\
			attraction and the next, waves of\
			violent hostility. Even though\
			I'm programmed to understand them,\
			I doubt if I ever shall.\
\
ARTOO WHISTLES a plaintive sigh.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. GEONOSIS, CORRIDORS - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN and PADME enter the stalagmite city. They stop, looking around in wonder at the emptiness.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(in a low voice)\
			It's empty!\
\
They start forward. As they pass, the surface of the pillars seems to pulse slowly and move. High above WINGED CREATURES grow from the pillars and detach themselves.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. GEONOSIS, CENTRAL SQUARE - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN and PADME cross the square, reaching the middle. They stop suddenly as FOUR GEONOSIANS grabs them. ANAKIN reaches for his lightsaber.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Wait!\
\
TWENTY WINGED GEONOSIANS carrying weapons alight on the flagstones in front of them.\
\
The GEONOSIANS part, and COUNT DOOKU appears. He bows courteously.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Senator Amidala, I've heard so\
			much about you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Count Dooku, I assume.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm delighted to meet you at\
			last. We have a great deal to\
			discuss, Senator. I hope you can\
			keep your young Jedi under control.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Don't worry he's housebroken.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. CONFERENCE ROOM (GEONOSIS) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 COUNT DOOKU sits at a large conference table with PADME on the far \
side. ANAKIN stands behind her with FOUR GEONOSIANS GUARDS standing behind him. JANGO FETT stands behind COUNT DOOKU, and SIX GEONOSIAN GUARDS stand behind him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You are holding a Jedi Knight, Obi-\
			Wan Kenobi. I am formally\
			requesting you turn him over to\
			me, now.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			He has been convicted of\
			espionage, Senator, and will be\
			executed. In just a few hours, I\
			believe.\
\
COUNT DOOKU smiles.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			He is an officer of the Republic.\
			You can't do that.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			We don't recognise the Republic\
			here, Senator. But if Naboo were\
			to join our Alliance, I could\
			easily hear your plea for clemency.\
\
ANAKIN grabs his lightsaber but doesn't turn it on.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			And if I don't join your\
			rebellion, I assume this Jedi with\
			me will also die?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don't wish to make you to join\
			our cause against your will,\
			Senator, but you are a rational,\
			honest representative of your\
			people and I assume you want to do\
			what's in their best interest.\
			Aren't you fed up with the\
			corruption, the bureaucrats, the\
			hypocrisy of it all?.. Aren't\
			you? Be honest, Senator.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			The ideals are still alive, Count,\
			even if the institution is failing.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You believe in the same ideals we\
			believe in! The same ideals we\
			are striving to make prominent.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			If what you say is true, you\
			should stay in the Republic and\
			help Chancellor Palpatine put\
			things right.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			The Chancellor means well, M'Lady\
			but he is incompetent. He has\
			promised to cut the bureaucracy,\
			but the bureaucrats are stronger\
			than ever, no? Senator, the\
			Republic cannot be fixed. It is\
			time to start over. The\
			democratic process in the Republic\
			is a sham, a shell game played\
			on the voters. It will not be long\
			before the cult of greed, called\
			the Republic, will lose even the\
			pretext of democracy and freedom.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I cannot believe that. I will not\
			forsake all I have honoured and\
			worked for and betray the\
			Republic. I know of your treaties\
			with the Trade Federation, the\
			Commerce Guilds, and the others,\
			Count. What is happening here is\
			not government that has been\
			bought out by business... it's\
			business becoming government!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Are you willing to betray your Jedi\
			friends? Without your co-operation\
			I can do nothing to stop their\
			execution.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What is to happen to me? Am I to be\
			executed also?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I wouldn't think of such an\
			offence. But, there are\
			individuals who have a strong\
			interest in your demise, M'lady.\
			It has nothing to do with\
			politics, I'm afraid. It's purely\
			personal, and they have already\
			paid great sums to have you\
			assassinated. I'm sure they will\
			push hard to have you included in\
			the executions. I'm sorry but if\
			you are not going to co-operate, I\
			must turn you over to the\
			Geonosians for justice. I've done\
			all I can for you.\
\
JANGO FETT moves over to ANAKIN.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				JANGO FETT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'll take that weapon.\
\
ANAKIN hesitates.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DOOKU \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You may cause a lot of bloodshed,\
			my young Jedi, but you will not\
			escape.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Anakin...\
\
ANAKIN hands his lightsaber over to JANGO FETT.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. GEONOSIS, HIGH AUDIENCE CHAMBER - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ANAKIN and PADME are standing in the centre of what looks like a courtroom. Seated before them in a tall, boxed-off area is POGGLE THE LESSER, Archduke of Geonosis. He is accompanied by his underling, SUN RIT. Off to one side the Separatist Senators PO NUDU, TESSEK, and TOONBUCK TOORA. Next to them are the Commerce Dignitaries, SHU MAI, NUTE GUNRAY, PASSEL ARGENTE, WAT TAMBOR and SAN HILL of the Intergalactic Bank Clan. Along the wall about a HUNDRED GEONOSIANS wait for a verdict.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SUN RIT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You have been charged and found\
			guilty of Espionage.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				POGGLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Do you have anything to say before\
			your sentence is carried out?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You are committing an act of war,\
			Archduke. I hope you are prepared\
			for the consequences.\
\
POGGLE laughs. COUNT DOOKU simply smiles.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				POGGLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			We build weapons, Senator... that\
			is our business! Of course we're\
			prepared!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				NUTE GUNRAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Get on with it. Carry out the\
			sentence. I want to see her suffer.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				POGGLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Your other Jedi friend is waiting\
			for you, Senator. Take them to\
			the arena!\
\
FOUR GUARDS take hold of PADME and ANAKIN. They are escorted out of the chamber to the sounds of chuckling.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. GEONOSIS TUNNEL TO EXECUTION ARENA - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 In the gloomy tunnel, ANAKIN and PADME are tossed into an open cart. The murmur of a vast crowd is heard offscreen. GUARDS extend their arms along the framework and tie them so that they stand facing each other.\
\
The DRIVER gets up onto his seat.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Don't be afraid.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm not afraid to die. I've been\
			dying a little bit each day since\
			you came back into my life.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What are you talking about?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I love you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You love me?! I thought we\
			decided not to fall in love. That\
			we would be forced to live a lie.\
			That it would destroy our lives...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I think our lives are about to be\
			destroyed anyway. My love for you\
			is a puzzle, Annie, for which I\
			have no answers. I can't control\
			it... and now I don't care. I\
			truly, deeply love you, and before\
			we die I want you to know.\
\
PADME leans toward ANAKIN. By straining hard, it is just possible for \
their lips to meet. They kiss.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I have no desire to be cured of\
			this love either. Long or short,\
			I vow to spend the rest of my life\
			with you.\
\
They kiss again.\
\
The DRIVER cracks his whip over the ORRAY harnessed between the shafts. The cart jerks forward. Suddenly, there isa HUGE ROAR and blinding sunlight as they emerge into the arena\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. GEONOSIS, EXECUTION ARENA - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The great stadium is packed with tier upon tier of yelling GEONOSIANS. The cart trundles to the center, where OBI-WAN is chained to one of four upright posts thatare three feet in diameter. The cart stops. PADME and ANAKIN are taken down, dragged to posts, and chained to them. PADME is in the center.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I was beginning to wonder if you\
			had gotten my message.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I retransmitted it as you\
			requested, Master. Then we decided\
			to come and rescue you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It looks like you're going a good\
			job so far.\
\
Their arms are pulled high above their heads, and the cart drives away. There is another ROAR as POGGLE THE LESSER, COUNT DOOKU, NUTE GUNRAY, THE FETTS and DIGNITARIES arrive in the archducal box and take their places.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				SUN RIT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			The felons before you have been\
			convicted of espionage against the\
			Sovereign System of Geonosis.\
			Their sentence of death is to be\
			carried out in this public arena\
			henceforth.\
\
The crowd ROARS and CHEERS. In the box, POGGLE THE LESSER rises. The crowd becomes quiet.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				POGGLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Let the executions begin!\
\
The crowd goes wild.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I have a bad feeling about this.\
\
From different gates around the arena, THREE MONSTERS are driven in. One is a REEK (bull-like), one is a NEXU (lion-like), and one is an ACKLAY (a kind of dino-lobster). They are driven in by PICADORS carrying long spears and riding ORRAYS. The PICADORS poke the MONSTERS toward the center, then retire to the perimeter.\
\
The MONSTERS toss their heads, looking around, ROARING or SCREECHING. Then they catch sight of the THREE CAPTIVES and start moving toward them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Take the one the left. I'll\
			take the one on the right.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			What about Padme?\
\
PADME has turned around and is pulling herself up by the chain to the top of the post. Within a moment, she is standing on top of it, trying to pull the chain free.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It looks like she's already on top\
			of things.\
\
The REEK charges ANAKIN. He jumps up, and the beast hits the post hard. ANAKIN lands onto its back, wrapping part of his chain around its horn. The REEK backs off, shaking its head angrily, which tears the chain from the post\
\
OBI-WAN ducks around the post as the ACKLAY charges. It knocks the post flat, sending OBI-WAN sprawling. The ACKLAY crunches the post between its claws, freeing the chain. OBI-WAN leaps up and runs towards ONE of the PICADORS. The ACKLAY taks off after him.\
\
The NEXU arrives at PADME'S post and rears on its hind legs. One top, PADME struggles to tear the chain free. The NEXU ROARS, displaying wicked, dripping fangs.\
\
In the archducal box, NUTE GUNRAY beams and rubs his hands.\
\
In the arena, OBI-WAN runs at the PICADOR. The ORRAY rears up. OBI-WAN grabs the PICADOR'S long spear and pole vaults over him. The chasing ACKLAY smashes into the ORRAY. It goes down. The PICADOR tumbles onto the sand, where he is grabbed by the ACKLAY and crunched.\
\
ANAKIN's REEK starts to buck. It charges around the arena with ANAKIN hanging on for dear life. He whirls the free length of chain around his head and casts it into the REEK's mouth. Its jaws clamp hard on the chain. ANAKIN yanks hard on the chain, turning the REEK, beginning to ride it.\
\
The NEXU's claws dig deep into the post. The cat-like creature reaches the top of the post and takes a swipe at PADME. She turns and the claw barely catches her shirt ripping it off, leaving superficial claw marks across her back. She hits the creature with her chain and it backs off down the pole. Then, PADME jumps off the post into the air. She swings around on the chain and whacks the beast hard on the head with both her feet. It tumbles back onto the sand.\
\
In the archducal box:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				NUTE GUNRAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Foul!! She can't do that... shoot\
			her or something!\
\
In the arena, OBI-WAN runs out from behind the fallen ORRAY and throws the spear at the ACKLAY, hitting it in the neck. It lets out a terrible SCREECH and turns on him. The NEXU springs up and makes to leap up at PADME again. She finally manages to work the chain loose. ANAKIN comes charging up on the REEK.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You okay?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(nods, gasping)\
			Sure! Well, sort of.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Jump!!!\
\
The NEXU springs. PADME leaps from the top of the post to land on the REEK in front of ANAKIN. He hauls her upright. The REEK charges away, around the arena. The NEXU bounds after it. The REEK passes the wounded ACKLAY. The NEXU smells the blood and turns aside to attack the ACKLAY. The TWO MONSTERS fight. The crowd GROANS and BOOS.\
\
In the archducal box, NUTE GUNRAY turns angrily to COUNT DOOKU.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				NUTE GUNRAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			This isn't how it's supposed to\
			be! Jango, finish her off.\
\
COUNT DOOKU motions for the bounty hunter to ptay put. BOBA FETT is enjoying the spectacle.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(smiling enigmatically)\
			Patiece, Viceroy... she will die.\
			Maybe this is the way it's\
			supposed to end.\
\
OBI-WAN runs and jumps on the back of the REEK behind ANAKIN. Across the arena, the NEXU, having chewed up the ACKLAY, starts to advance toward them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. COCKPIT, NABOO STARSHIP - DAY\
ARTOO BEEPS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Yes, it has been rather a long\
			time. Do you suppose something's\
			happened to them?\
\
ARTOO BEEPS and WHISTLES.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Danger? Oh no, I shouldn't think\
			so. It looks a very dull planet\
			to me. They should be back\
			shortly. Just stop worrying, Artoo.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. GEONOSIS, EXECUTION ARENA - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 In the archducal box, amid the uproar, COUNT DOOKU feels a tap on his shoulder. He turns to see MACE WINDU standing behind him. COUNT DOOKU masks his surprise elegantly as he surveys the arena and sees JEDI KNIGHTS standing at every entrance and exit.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Master Windu, how pleasant of you\
			to join us. You're just in time\
			for the moment of truth. I would\
			think these two new boys of yours\
			could use a little more training.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Sorry to disappoint you, Dooku.\
			This party's over.\
\
MACE WINDU signals, and at stategic places around the arena there are sudden flashes of light as about ONE HUNDRED JEDI switch on their lightsabers. The crowd is suddenly silent. COUNT DOOKU'S lips curl in slight amusement.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(to Mace Windu)\
			Brave, but stupid, my old Jedi\
			friend. You're impossibly\
			outnumbered.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don't think so. One Jedi has to\
			be worth a hundred Geonosians.\
\
COUNT DOOKU looks around the great theater. His smile grows.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It wasn't the Geonosians I was\
			thinking about. How well do you\
			think one Jedi will hold up\
			against a thousand battle droids?\
\
COUNT DOOKU signals. THOUSANDS OF DROIDS start to pour into all parts of the arena.\
\
MACE WINDU draws his lightsaber, JANGO FETT draws his guns and fires at MACE WINDU, who deflects the shots. JANGO FETT and MACE WINDU jump into the arena, where they fight. BOBA FETT wacthes his Dad and the Jedi Master fight. The battle beginss. GEONOSIANS fly away everywhere. DROIDS fire at JEDI, who deflect the bolts and cult down the DROIDS. The GEONOSIAN TROOPS fire ray guns that are more difficult for the JEDI to deflect.\
\
The REEK and the NEXU are spooked by the battle. The REEK bucks the riders off its back and stampedes around the arena, trampling DROIDS and JEDI that have moved into its path. PADME picks up a discarded pistol and joins the fight. SEVERAL JEDI run to the center of the arena and toss lightsabers to OBI-WAN and ANAKIN.\
\
Among the crowd, JEDI cut down swaths of GEONOSIANS and DROIDS. On the sand, JEDI fight, attacking DROIDS. OBI0WAN and ANAKIN swing their lightsabers, cutting DROIDS in half. PADME blasts away at DROIDS and GEONOSIANS.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. COCKPIT, NABOO STARSHIP\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 ARTOO whistles.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don't hear anything.\
				(Artoo beeps)\
			You're scaring me! Stop imagining\
			things!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. GEONOSIS, EXECUTION ARENA - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 Among the tiers, JEDI are slowly being driven back. They have killed heaps of GEONOSIANS and have kncoked out piles of DROIDS, but sheer numbers are telling. Individual JEDI are being cut down or blasted/ The rest are retreating into the arena.\
\
ANAKIN and PADME are back-to-back, fighting DROIDS and flying GEONOSIANS. MACE WINDU fights fiercely with JANGO FETT. Finally, the bounty hunter falls. His helmet goes flying, bouncing down the steps, tumbling and rolling, kicked here and there by random feet. The bounty hunter's body falls to the ground.\
\
MACE WINDU runs to the center of the arena and fights back-to-back with OBI-WAN, as they swipe and mangle DROIDS.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Someone's got to - shut down -\
			these droids.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Don't worry! It's being - taken\
			care of!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. GEONOSIS, FEDERATION STARSHIP - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 KI-ADI-MUNDI leads a raiding party of about TWENTY JEDI through the lines of parked Battle Starships. They cut a swath through masses of DROIDS until they arrive at the Command Starship. Some JEDI fall. The rest cut their way up the ramps and into the Command Ship.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. COMMAND FEDERATION STARSHIP, CORRIDORS - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 KI-ADI-MUNDI and teh surviving JEDI fight their way through the corridors of the Command Ship, deflecting laser bolts, slicing DROIDS.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. COMMAND FEDERATION STARSHIP, CONTROL BRIDGE - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 THEY burst onto the bridge and chop down the COMMAND DROIDS. The NEIMOIDIANS flee in all directions. KE-ADI-MUNDI leans over the control panel. He locates the illuminated master switch and punches down on it. It goes dark. Instantly, all the DROIDS on the Starship and all the DROIDS in the arena FREEZE!\
\
There is a moment of stunned silence, then the JEDI CHEER. One the bridge, PLO KOON claps KI-ADI-MUNDI on the back.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PLO KOON\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			We've done it! Now we have a\
			chance!\
\
Suddenly, there is a harsh BEEPING SOUND. All the DROIDS on the Starship and all the DROIDS in the arena start fighting again! KI-ADI-MUNDI stares in disbelief and dismay.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				KI-ADI-MUNDI\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			The system's off but they're still\
			active. That's a new feature. They\
			are independent of the control\
			system.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. GEONOSIS, EXECUTION ARENA - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 MACE WINDU, OBI-WAN, ANAKIN, PADME and an exhausted group of about TWENTY JEDI stand in the center of the arena surrounded by a ring of BATTLE DROIDS. The bloodied sand around them is strewn with the bodies of DEAD GEONOSIANS, SHATTERED DROIDS and JEDI.\
\
At the foot of some steps, BOBA FETT finds his father's battered helmet. He picks it up.\
\
KI-ADI-MUNDI and the SURVIVORS from the raiding party are herded into the arena by SUPERDROIDS. From the encircling tiers above, THOUSANDS OF BATTLE DROIDS level their weapons menacingly.\
\
In the archducal box, COUNT DOOKU lifts his hand. The DROIDS lower their weapons. The COUNT calls out to the JEDI.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Master Windu!\
\
Silence.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			You have fought gallantly. Worthy\
			of recognition in the history\
			archives of the Jedi Order. Now\
			it is finished.\
				(pauses briefly)\
			Surrender - and your lives will be \
			spared.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			We will not be hostages for you to\
			barter with Dooku.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Then, I'm sorry, old friend. You\
			will have to be destroyed.\
\
The DROIDS raise their weapons. ANAKIN and PADME clasps hands tightly. COUNT DOOKU raises his hand to give the order to fire. PADME looks up suddenlt and whispers to ANAKIN.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADME\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Look!\
\
Above, six Gunships are descending fast through the open area in the arena ceiling. They land in a cluster around the handful of JEDI. CLONE TROOPERS spill out and start firing at the DROIDS. There is a hellstorm of laserfire that bounces off the laser shields created by the Gunships. YODA appears at the door of one of the Gunships.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Come on - hurry! Hurry!\
\
The SURVIVING JEDI dash to the Gunships and scramble in. MACE WINDU hangs on tight as the Gunship, firing all its weapons, rises out of the arena up and over the topmost rim.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. GEONOSIS, TERRAIN OUTSIDE EXECUTION ARENA - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The massed lines of parked Federation Starships and the DROIDS surrounding the arena, are themselves surrounded by thousands of Republic Starships, disgorging TENS OF THOUSANDS OF CLONE TROOPERS. Beyond, more Republic Starships are landing and spewing out troops.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. GUNSHIP NUMBER ONE - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 MACE WINDU stares at the incredible sight.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			More battalions to the left.\
			Encircle them we must, then\
			divide.\
\
The CLONE TROOPERS open fire with artillery. EXPLOSIONS wreck the parked Battle Starships. CLONE TROOPERS advance, firing at the massed DROIDS. FIGHTER DROIDS fly overhead, exchanging fire with the Gunships and JEDI fighters.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. COCKPIT, NABOO STARSHIP - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 THREEPIO and ARTOO see flashes outside of the ship, exploding everywhere.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				C-3PO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm sure I heard something, this\
			time. Didn't you? It's probably\
			just a celebration\
\
ARTOO lets out an EXHAUSTED BLEEP.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. BATTLEFIELD, GEONOSIS LANDSCAPE - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 Gunship #2 skims the battlefield, firing down, deflecting answering fire from the droids.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. GUNSHIP NUMBER TWO - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 OBI-WAN, ANAKIN and PADME are at the open sides of the Gunship. CLONES fire down at the DROIDS below.\
\
The Gunship slows, circling over a droid gun-emplacement. It blasts it, but suddenly the Gunship is rocked by a near miss. It lurches violently.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Hold on! Look over there...\
\
Through the other side of the Gunship, they see a Geonosian Speeder racing past. In the open cockpit is the unmistakable figure of COUNT DOOKU.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			It's Dooku, go after him!\
\
The PILOT starts to comply, but... there is a HUGE BLASTS, the ship lurches on its side, and PADME tumbles out.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Padme!!!\
\
ANAKIN stares down in horror as PADME hits thr ground below.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing; to pilot)\
			Put the ship down! Down!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			No! Forget her. We have to go\
			after Dooku.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			No we're not!! Land this ship!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Don't let your personal feelings\
			get in the way. We've got a job to\
			do.\
\
Below, PADME hauls herself to her feet and waves for them to go after DOOKU.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don't care!.. Go back.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Anakin! She's all right! Look.\
\
ANAKIN stares out to see PADME rescued by CLONE TROOPERS.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Follow that speeder!\
\
On the ground, PADME looks up at Gunship #2 as it speeds away after Count Dooku. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN follow the speeder to a Geonosian tower. The speeder decsends rapidly; the Gunship follows.\
\
Count Dooku's speeder parks outside the tower; the Gunship parks next to it. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN leap down and run inside the tower.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. GEONOSIS, SECRET HANGER TOWER - LATE DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 COUNT DOOKU throws switches on a control panel. His Interstellar Sail Ship is guarded by a SQUAD OF SUPER BATTLE DROIDS. The doors of the exit-port slide open.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DROID CAPTAIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Your Excellency!\
\
COUNT DOOKU turns as OBI-WAN and ANAKIN run in through the hanger doors. They draw their lightsabers. The DROIDS raise their weapons.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			That won't be necessary, Captain.\
			Stand down. And leave them to me.\
\
The DROIDS lower their weapons and back off to the walls. COUNT DOOKU looks at OBI-WAN and ANAKIN with slight amusement.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(to Anakin)\
			We move in together - you slowly\
			on the...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm taking him now!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Anakin, no!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You'll pay for all the Jedi you've\
			killed today, Dooku.\
\
ANAKIN charges across the open space at COUNT DOOKU, who smiles faintly, watching him come. ANAKIN raises his lightsaber. At the last moment, COUNT DOOKU thrusts out an arm, and ANAKIN is lifted up, hurled across the room, and slammed into the opposite wall. He slumps to the foot of the wall, semi-conscious. COUNT DOOKU moves toward OBI-WAN\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Kenobi, isn't it? As you can see,\
			my Jedi powers are far beyond\
			yours. Now, back down.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I don't think so.\
\
OBI-WAN lifts his lightsaber. COUNT DOOKU smiles.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Ah, but if I must.\
\
COUNT DOOKU draws his lightsaber. He and OBI-WAN start to circle each other.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			I have spent the last ten years\
			learning to use the power of the\
			Dark Side. It gives me infinitely\
			greater power.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You will have to prove it.\
\
OBI-WAN comes in fast, swinging at COUNT DOOKU'S head. DOOKU parries the cut easily. As they fight, it quickly becomes clear that DOOKU is the complete swordsman - elegant, graceful, classical - a master of the old style.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Grand Master Kenobi, you\
			disappoint me. Yoda holds you in\
			such high esteem.\
\
COUNT DOOKU parried another cut.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Surely you can do better...?\
				(parries)\
			No, I'm surprised. Has Jedi\
			swordsmanship degenerated so\
			quickly, or are you trying to make\
			fun of me?\
				(cuts)\
			Which is it?\
\
COUNT DOOKU thrusts. OBI-WAN steps back quickly, panting for breath.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			come, come, Master Kenobi. Put me\
			out of my misery.\
\
OBI-WAN takes a deep breath, gets a fresh grip on his lightsaber and comes in again. For a moment, he drives COUNT DOOKU back. Then Dooku's superior skill begins to tell again, and he forces OBI-WAN to retreat.\
\
COUNT DOOKU increases the tempo of his attack. OBI-WAN is pushed to the limit to defend himself. DOOKU presses. His lightsaber flashes.\
\
OBI-WAN is wounded in the shoulder, then the thigh. He stumbles back against the wall, trips, and falls. His lightsaber goes skittering across the floor.\
\
COUNT DOOKU raises his lightsaber. OBI-WAN looks up helplessly. Dooku's lightsaber flashes down and CLASHES against - Anakin's lightsaber! COUNT DOOKU and ANAKIN stare eyeball to eyeball.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			That's brave of you, boy - but\
			foolish. I would have thought\
			you'd have learnt your lesson.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I'm a slow learner.\
\
And ANAKIN charges at COUNT DOOKU. The force of his attack catches the Count slightly off balance. Anakin's lightsaber flashes. COUNT DOOKU draws back, putting a hand to his arm. He takes the hand away and looks at the smear of blood whee Anakin has nicked him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			You have unusual powers, young\
			Padawan. But not enought to save\
			you this time.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				ANAKIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Don't bet on it!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Anakin!\
\
OBI-WAN uses the Force to catch his lightsaber and he tosses it to ANAKIN. With TWO LIGHTSABERS, ANAKIN attacks. COUNT DOOKU parries and ripostes. It is no contest. ANAKIN is driven back against the wall. He loses one lightsaber. Finally COUNT DOOKU, in one flashing move, sends Anakin's arm, cut at the elbow, flying still gripping his lightsaber. ANAKIN drops to the ground in agony. COUNT DOOKU draws himself up to deliver the coup de grace.\
\
Suddenly, the great doors slide open. The DROIDS turn fast, raising their weapons. Through the thick smoke, emerges the heroic figure of YODA. He stops on the smoke-filled threashold, FOUR DROIDS lined up on either side of him, guns pointed.\
\
Before the DROIDS can get off a shot, YODA raises his hand, and the DROIDS are flung against the far walls and crash to the floor in heaps of smoking metal.\
\
Silence. COUNT DOOKU steps away from ANAKIN to face the Jedi Grand Master. His lightsaber whirls in a formal salute.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Master Yoda. At last we shall\
			know who is the most powerful.\
\
YODA draws a miniature lightsaber out of his cane. He salutes formally.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Count Dooku. No interest in\
			contests, do I have.\
\
COUNT DOOKU charges across the space at YODA. He rains down blows upon the tiny figure. YODA doesn't budge an inch. For the first part of the contest, he parries every cut and thrust that Dooku aims. Nothing the great swordsman tries gets through. His energy drains. His strokes become feebler, slower.\
\
YODA attacks! He flies forward. COUNT DOOKU is forced to retreat. Wprds are insufficient to describe the range and skill of Yoda's speed and swordplay. His lightsaber his a humming blur of light.\
\
Count Dooku's lightsaber is sent cartwheeling from his hand. He staggers back, gasping and spent, against the control panel. YODA jumps onto DOOKU'S shoulders, and is about to drive the lightsaber into the top of the Count's head.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			The end for you, Count, this is.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			...Not yet...\
\
COUNT DOOKU raises his arms and knocks YODA off his shoulders and then, with all his might, he uses the Force to pull on one of the cranes in the hanger. It comes crashing down on OBI-WAN and ANAKIN. But in the blink of and eye, YODA is under the crane, holding it up, using the Force. YODA closes his eyes and concentrates.\
\
ANAKIN is unconscious, and OBI0WAN tries toget out from under the crane. The fallen crane trembles and starts to life. Behind it, the sound of the Sail Ship's engines are heard starting up.\
\
YODA concentrates harder. Slowly, the crane rises. The SOUND OF THE ENGINES increases. YODA exerts every scrap of his powers. The crane lifts clear of ANAKIN and is thrown to the ground. DOOKU'S Sail Ship takes off. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN struggle to the exhausted YODA, but it's too late. The Sail Ship rises into the air and flies away. PADM\'c9 and a CLONE CAPTAIN with about TEN TROOPERS appear in the doorway.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				PADM\'c9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Anakin!\
\
PADM\'c9 runs too him and throws her arms around him. ANAKIN is barely able to stand up. The CLONE CAPTAIN marches up to YODA, stops, and salutes smartly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				CLONE CAPTAIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Resistance is at an end, General.\
			What are your orders ?\
\
YODA looks at him and sighs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. CORUSCANT, OLD TOWN - DAWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 COUNT DOOKU'S Interstellar Sail Ship glides through a deserted, burned-out part of Coruscant. COUNT DOOKU manoeuvres the ship into one of the empty buildings and lands.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. CORUSCANT, SECRET LANDING PLATFORM - DAWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The ramp lowers. COUNT DOOKU emerges and walks to where the hooded figure of DARTH SIDIOUS stands waiting. COUNT DOOKU bows.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			The Force is with us, my Master.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DARTH SIDIOUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Welcome home, Lord Tyranus. You have\
			done well.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				COUNT DOOKU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			I bring you good news, my Lord.\
			The war has begun.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				DARTH SIDIOUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Excellent. \
			 	(smiling)\
			Everything is going as planned.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. CORUSCANT, JEDI TEMPLE - SUNSET\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The beautiful temple basks in the red glow of the setting sun.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INT. JEDI TEMPLE, COUNCIL CHAMBER - SUNSET\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				MACE WINDU\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Where is your apprentice?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			On his way back to Naboo. He is\
			escorting Senator Amidala home.\
\
They are standing, looking out through the tall windows at the great plaza below. YODA sits in his chair.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				OBI-WAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			I must admit without the clones,\
			it would not have been a victory.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 			Victory? Victory, you say?\
\
OBI-WAN turns and looks at the sad little Jedi sitting in the Council Chamber. Apart from KI-ADI-MUNDI and PLO KOON, who is wounded, the Chamber is empty.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 				YODA\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 				(continuing)\
			Not victory, a defeat, it was...\
			Master Obi-Wan. Begun, the Clone\
			War has!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, LODGE, GARDEN - LATE DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 In a rose-covered arbor overlooking the sparkling late, ANAKIN and PADME stand before a NABOO HOLY MAN.\
\
THREEPIO and ARTOO stand by, watching, as the HOLY MAN blesses the happy couple and, amid gently falling rose petals, ANAKIN and PADME kiss.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 EXT. CORUSCANT, MILITARY STAGING AREA, BALCONY - LATE DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 PALPATINE, JAR JAR, BAIL ORGANA and the OTHER SENATORS, with TWO ROYAL GUARDS, stand looking down at the square below.\
\
TENS OF THOUSANDS OF CLONE TROOPS are drawn up in a strict formation or move forwards in near files to climb the ramps of the Military Assault Ships.\
\
On the balcony, PALPATINE'S expression is deeply sad. Everyone watches comberly as, in the square, loaded Assault Ships take off. Other land immediately in their place. The sky above is thick with transports. CLONE TROOPS march and board the Ships.\
\
The Great Clone War has begun...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 FADE OUT:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
THE END\
}