{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 STAR WARS\

\f1\b0 \
                                        Episode IV\
\

\f0\b                                         A NEW HOPE\

\f1\b0 \
                                         From the\

\f0\b                                   JOURNAL OF THE WHILLS\

\f1\b0 \
                                            by\
                                       George Lucas\
\
                                   Revised Fourth Draft\
                                     January 15, 1976\
\

\f0\b                                       LUCASFILM LTD.\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                 \

\f1\b0 \
               A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far, away...\
\
               A vast sea of stars serves as the backdrop for the main title. \
               War drums echo through the heavens as a rollup slowly crawls \
               into infinity.\
\
                    It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships, \
                    striking from a hidden base, have won their first \
                    victory against the evil Galactic Empire.\
\
                    During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal \
                    secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon, the \
                    Death Star, an armored space station with enough \
                    power to destroy an entire planet.\
\
                    Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess \
                    Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of \
                    the stolen plans that can save her people and \
                    restore freedom to the galaxy...\
\
               The awesome yellow planet of Tatooine emerges from a total \
               eclipse, her two moons glowing against the darkness. A tiny \
               silver spacecraft, a Rebel Blockade Runner firing lasers \
               from the back of the ship, races through space. It is pursed \
               by a giant Imperial Stardestroyer. Hundreds of deadly \
               laserbolts streak from the Imperial Stardestroyer, causing \
               the main solar fin of the Rebel craft to disintegrate.\
\

\f0\b                INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - MAIN PASSAGEWAY\

\f1\b0 \
               An explosion rocks the ship as two robots, Artoo-Detoo (R2-\
               D2) and See-Threepio (C-3PO) struggle to make their way \
               through the shaking, bouncing passageway. Both robots are \
               old and battered. Artoo is a short, claw-armed tripod. His \
               face is a mass of computer lights surrounding a radar eye. \
               Threepio, on the other hand, is a tall, slender robot of \
               human proportions. He has a gleaming bronze-like metallic \
               surface of an Art Deco design.\
\
               Another blast shakes them as they struggle along their way.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Did you hear that? They've shut down \
                         the main reactor. We'll be destroyed \
                         for sure. This is madness!\
\
               Rebel troopers rush past the robots and take up positions in \
               the main passageway. They aim their weapons toward the door.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          We're doomed!\
\
               The little R2 unit makes a series of electronic sounds that \
               only another robot could understand.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          There'll be no escape for the Princess \
                         this time.\
\
               Artoo continues making beeping sounds. Tension mounts as \
               loud metallic latches clank and the scream of heavy equipment \
               are heard moving around the outside hull of the ship.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          What's that?\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACECRAFT IN SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               The Imperial craft has easily overtaken the Rebel Blockade \
               Runner. The smaller Rebel ship is being drawn into the \
               underside dock of the giant Imperial starship.\
\

\f0\b                INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER\

\f1\b0 \
               The nervous Rebel troopers aim their weapons. Suddenly a \
               tremendous blast opens up a hole in the main passageway and \
               a score of fearsome armored spacesuited stormtroopers make \
               their way into the smoke-filled corridor.\
\
               In a few minutes the entire passageway is ablaze with \
               laserfire. The deadly bolts ricochet in wild random patterns \
               creating huge explosions. Stormtroopers scatter and duck \
               behind storage lockers. Laserbolts hit several Rebel soldiers \
               who scream and stagger through the smoke, holding shattered \
               arms and faces.\
\
               An explosion hits near the robots.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          I should have known better than to \
                         trust the logic of a half-sized \
                         thermocapsulary dehousing assister...\
\
               Artoo counters with an angry rebuttal as the battle rages \
               around the two hapless robots.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT WASTELAND - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
               A death-white wasteland stretches from horizon to horizon. \
               The tremendous heat of two huge twin suns settle on a lone \
               figure, Luke Skywalker, a farm boy with heroic aspirations \
               who looks much younger than his eighteen years. His shaggy \
               hair and baggy tunic give him the air of a simple but lovable \
               lad with a prize-winning smile.\
\
               A light wind whips at him as he adjusts several valves on a \
               large battered moisture vaporator which sticks out of the \
               desert floor much like an oil pipe with valves. He is aided \
               by a beatup tread-robot with six claw arms. The little robot \
               appears to be barely functioning and moves with jerky motions.  \
               A bright sparkle in the morning sky catches Luke's eye and \
               he instinctively grabs a pair of electrobinoculars from his \
               utility belt. He stands transfixed for a few moments studying \
               the heavens, then dashed toward his dented, crudely repaired \
               Landspeeder (an auto-like transport that travels a few feet \
               above the ground on a magnetic-field). He motions for the \
               tiny robot to follow him.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Hurry up! Come with me! What are you \
                         waiting for?! Get in gear!\
\
               The robot scoots around in a tight circle, stops short, and \
               smoke begins to pour out of every joint. Luke throws his \
               arms up in disgust. Exasperated, the young farm boy jumps \
               into his Landspeeder leaving the smoldering robot to hum \
               madly.\
\

\f0\b                INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - MAIN HALLWAY\

\f1\b0 \
               The awesome, seven-foot-tall Dark Lord of the Sith makes his \
               way into the blinding light of the main passageway. This is \
               Darth Vader, right hand of the Emperor. His face is obscured \
               by his flowing black robes and grotesque breath mask, which \
               stands out next to the fascist white armored suits of the \
               Imperial stormtroopers. Everyone instinctively backs away \
               from the imposing warrior and a deathly quiet sweeps through \
               the Rebel troops. Several of the Rebel troops break and run \
               in a frenzied panic.\
\

\f0\b                INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER\

\f1\b0 \
               A woman's hand puts a card into an opening in Artoo's dome.  \
               Artoo makes beeping sounds.\
\

\f0\b                INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER\

\f1\b0 \
               Threepio stands in a hallway, somewhat bewildered. Artoo is \
               nowhere in sight. The pitiful screams of the doomed Rebel \
               soldiers can be heard in the distance.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Artoo! Artoo-Detoo, where are you?\
\
               A familiar clanking sound attacks Threepio's attention and \
               he spots little Artoo at the end of the hallway in a smoke-\
               filled alcove. A beautiful young girl (about sixteen years \
               old) stands in front of Artoo. Surreal and out of place, \
               dreamlike and half hidden in the smoke, she finishes adjusting \
               something on Artoo's computer face, then watches as the little \
               robot joins his companion.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          At last! Where have you been?\
\
               Stormtroopers can be heard battling in the distance.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          They're heading in this direction. \
                         What are we going to do? We'll be \
                         sent to the spice mine of Kessel or \
                         smashed into who knows what!\
\
               Artoo scoots past his bronze friend and races down the \
               subhallway. Threepio chases after him.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Wait a minute, where are you going?\
\
               Artoo responds with electronic beeps.\
\

\f0\b                INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - CORRIDOR\

\f1\b0 \
               The evil Darth Vader stands amid the broken and twisted bodies \
               of his foes. He grabs a wounded Rebel Officer by the neck as \
               an Imperial Officer rushes up to the Dark Lord.\
\

\f0\b                                      IMPERIAL OFFICER\

\f1\b0                          The Death Star plans are not in the \
                         main computer.\
\
               Vader squeezes the neck of the Rebel Officer, who struggles \
               in vain.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          Where are those transmissions you \
                         intercepted?\
\
               Vader lifts the Rebel off his feet by his throat.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          What have you done with those plans?\
\

\f0\b                                      REBEL OFFICER\

\f1\b0                          We intercepted no transmissions. \
                         Aaah... This is a consular ship. \
                         Were on a diplomatic mission.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          If this is a consular ship... were \
                         is the Ambassador?\
\
               The Rebel refuses to speak but eventually cries out as the \
               Dark Lord begins to squeeze the officer's throat, creating a \
               gruesome snapping and choking, until the soldier goes limp. \
               Vader tosses the dead soldier against the wall and turns to \
               his troops.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          Commander, tear this ship apart until \
                         you've found those plans and bring \
                         me the Ambassador. I want her alive!\
\
               The stormtroopers scurry into the subhallways.\
\

\f0\b                INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - SUBHALLWAY\

\f1\b0 \
               The lovely young girl huddles in a small alcove as the \
               stormtroopers search through the ship. She is Princess Leia \
               Organa, a member of the Alderaan Senate. The fear in her \
               eyes slowly gives way to anger as the muted crushing sounds \
               of the approaching stormtroopers grow louder. One of the \
               troopers spots her.\
\

\f0\b                                      TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          There she is! Set for stun!\
\
               Leia steps from her hiding place and blasts a trooper with \
               her laser pistol. She starts to run but is felled by a \
               paralyzing ray. The troopers inspect her inert body.\
\

\f0\b                                      TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          She'll be all right. Inform Lord \
                         Vader we have a prisoner.\
\

\f0\b                INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - SUBHALLWAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Artoo stops before the small hatch of an emergency lifepod. \
               He snaps the seal on the main latch and a red warning light \
               begins to flash. The stubby astro-robot works his way into \
               the cramped four-man pod.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Hey, you're not permitted in there. \
                         It's restricted. You'll be deactivated \
                         for sure..\
\
               Artoo beeps something to him.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Don't call me a mindless philosopher, \
                         you overweight glob of grease! Now \
                         come out before somebody sees you.\
\
               Artoo whistles something at his reluctant friend regarding \
               the mission he is about to perform.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Secret mission? What plans? What are \
                         you talking about? I'm not getting \
                         in there!\
\
               Artoo isn't happy with Threepio's stubbornness, and he beeps \
               and twangs angrily.\
\
               A new explosion, this time very close, sends dust and debris \
               through the narrow subhallway. Flames lick at Threepio and, \
               after a flurry of electronic swearing from Artoo, the lanky \
               robot jumps into the lifepod.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          I'm going to regret this.\
\

\f0\b                INT. IMPERIAL STARDESTROYER\

\f1\b0 \
               On the main viewscreen, the lifepod carrying the two terrified \
               robots speeds away from the stricken Rebel spacecraft.\
\

\f0\b                                      CHIEF PILOT\

\f1\b0                          There goes another one.\
\

\f0\b                                      CAPTAIN\

\f1\b0                          Hold your fire. There are no life \
                         forms. It must have been short-\
                         circuited.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LIFEPOD\

\f1\b0 \
               Artoo and Threepio look out at the receding Imperial starship.  \
               Stars circle as the pod rotates through the galaxy.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          That's funny, the damage doesn't \
                         look as bad from out here.\
\
               Artoo beeps an assuring response.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Are you sure this things safe?\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - ANCHORHEAD SETTLEMENT - POWER STATION - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Heat waves radiate from the dozen or so bleached white \
               buildings. Luke pilots his Landspeeder through the dusty \
               empty street of the tiny settlement. An old woman runs to \
               get out of the way of the speeding vehicle, shaking her fist \
               at Luke as he flies past.\
\

\f0\b                                      WOMAN\

\f1\b0                          I've told you kids to slow down!\
\

\f0\b                INT. POWER STATION - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke bursts into the power station, waking The Fixer, a rugged \
               mechanic and Camie, a sexy, disheveled girl who has been \
               asleep in his lap. They grumbled as he races through the \
               office, yelling wildly.\
\

\f0\b                                      FIXER\

\f1\b0                          Did I hear a young noise blast through \
                         here?\
\

\f0\b                                      CAMIE\

\f1\b0                          It was just wormie on another rampage.\
\
               Luke bounces into a small room behind the office where Deak \
               and Windy, two tough boys about the same age as Luke, are \
               playing a computer pool-like game with Biggs, a burly, \
               handsome boy a few years older than the rest. His flashy \
               city attire is a sharp contrast to the loose-fitting tunics \
               of the farm boys. A robot repairs some equipment in the \
               background.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Shape it up you guys!... Biggs?\
\
               Luke's surprise at the appearance of Biggs gives way to great \
               joy and emotion. They give each other a great bear hug.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I didn't know you were back! When \
                         did you get in?\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          Just now. I wanted to surprise you, \
                         hot shot. I thought you'd be here... \
                         certainly didn't expect you to be \
                         out working.\
                              (he laughs)\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          The Academy didn't change you \
                         much...but you're back so soon? Hey, \
                         what happened, didn't you get your \
                         commission?\
\
               Biggs has an air of cool that seems slightly phony.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          Of course I got it. Signed aboard \
                         The Rand Ecliptic last week. First \
                         mate Biggs Darklighter at your \
                         service...\
                              (he salutes)\
                         ...I just came to say good-bye to \
                         all you unfortunate landlocked \
                         simpletons.\
\
               Everyone laughs. The dazzling spectacle of his dashing friend \
               is almost too much for Luke, but suddenly he snaps out of \
               it.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I almost forgot. There's a battle \
                         going on! Right here in our system. \
                         Come and look!\
\

\f0\b                                      DEAK\

\f1\b0                          Not again! Forget it.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - ANCHORHEAD - SETTLEMENT - POWER STATION - \
               DAY\

\f1\b0 \
               The group stumbles out into the stifling desert sun. Camie \
               and The Fixer complain and are forced to shade their eyes. \
               Luke has his binoculars out scanning the heavens.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          There they are!\
\
               Biggs takes the binoculars from Luke as the others strain to \
               see something with the naked eye. Through the binoculars \
               Biggs sees two small silver specks.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          That's no battle, hot shot... they're \
                         just sitting there! Probably a \
                         freighter-tanker refueling.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          But there was a lot of firing \
                         earlier...\
\
               Camie grabs the binoculars away banging them against the \
               building in the process. Luke grabs them.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Hey, easy with those...\
\

\f0\b                                      CAMIE\

\f1\b0                          Don't worry about it, Wormie.\
\
               The Fixer gives Luke a hard look and the young farm boy shrugs \
               his shoulders in resignation.\
\

\f0\b                                      FIXER\

\f1\b0                          I keep telling you, the Rebellion is \
                         a long way from here. I doubt if the \
                         Empire would even fight to keep this \
                         system. Believe me Luke, this planet \
                         is a big hunk of nothing...\
\
               Luke agrees, although it's obvious he isn't sure why. The \
               group stumbles back into the power station, grumbling about \
               Luke's ineptitude.\
\

\f0\b                INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - HALLWAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Princess Leia is led down a low-ceilinged hallway by a squad \
               of armored stormtroopers. Her hands are bound and she is \
               brutally shoved when she is unable to keep up with the briskly \
               marching troops. They stop in a smoky hallway as Darth Vader \
               emerges from the shadows. The sinister Dark Lord stares hard \
               at the frail young senator, but she doesn't move.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          Lord Vader, I should have known. \
                         Only you could be so bold. The \
                         Imperial Senate will not sit for \
                         this, when they hear you've attacked \
                         a diplomatic...\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          Don't play games with me, Your \
                         Highness. You weren't on any mercy \
                         mission this time. You passed directly \
                         through a restricted system. Several \
                         transmissions were beamed to this \
                         ship by Rebel spies. I want to know \
                         what happened to the plans they sent \
                         you.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          I don't know what you're talking \
                         about. I'm a member of the Imperial \
                         Senate on a diplomatic mission to \
                         Alderaan...\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          You're a part of the Rebel Alliance... \
                         and a traitor. Take her away!\
\
               Leia is marched away down the hallway and into the smoldering \
               hole blasted in the side of the ship. An Imperial Commander \
               turns to Vader.\
\

\f0\b                                      COMMANDER\

\f1\b0                          Holding her is dangerous. If word of \
                         this gets out, it could generate \
                         sympathy for the Rebellion in the \
                         senate.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          I have traced the Rebel spies to \
                         her. Now she is my only link to find \
                         their secret base!\
\

\f0\b                                      COMMANDER\

\f1\b0                          She'll die before she tells you \
                         anything.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          Leave that to me. Send a distress \
                         signal and then inform the senate \
                         that all aboard were killed!\
\
               Another Imperial Officer approaches Vader and the Commander. \
               They stop and snap to attention.\
\

\f0\b                                      SECOND OFFICER\

\f1\b0                          Lord Vader, the battle station plans \
                         are not aboard this ship! And no \
                         transmissions were made. An escape \
                         pod was jettisoned during the \
                         fighting, but no life forms were \
                         aboard.\
\
               Vader turns to the Commander.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          She must have hidden the plans in \
                         the escape pod. Send a detachment \
                         down to retrieve them. See to it \
                         personally, Commander. There'll be \
                         no one to stop us this time.\
\

\f0\b                                      COMMANDER\

\f1\b0                          Yes, sir.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               The Imperial Stardestroyer comes over the surface of the \
               planet Tatooine.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT\

\f1\b0 \
               Jundland, or "No Man's Land", where the rugged desert mesas \
               meet the foreboding dune sea. The two helpless astro-droids \
               kick up clouds of sand as they leave the lifepod and clumsily \
               work their way across the desert wasteland. The lifepod in \
               the distance rests half buried in the sand.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          How did I get into this mess? I really \
                         don't know how. We seem to be made \
                         to suffer. It's our lot in life.\
\
               Artoo answers with beeping sounds.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          I've got to rest before I fall apart. \
                         My joints are almost frozen.\
\
               Artoo continues to respond with beeping sounds.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          What a desolate place this is.\
\
               Suddenly Artoo whistles, makes a sharp right turn and starts \
               off in the direction of the rocky desert mesas. Threepio \
               stops and yells at him.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Where are you going?\
\
               A stream of electronic noises pours forth from the small \
               robot.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Well, I'm not going that way. It's \
                         much too rocky. This way is much \
                         easier.\
\
               Artoo counters with a long whistle.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          What makes you think there are \
                         settlements over there?\
\
               Artoo continues to make beeping sounds.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Don't get technical with me.\
\
               Artoo continues to make beeping sounds.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          What mission? What are you talking \
                         about? I've had just about enough of \
                         you! Go that way! You'll be \
                         malfunctioning within a day, you \
                         nearsighted scrap pile!\
\
               Threepio gives the little robot a kick and starts off in the \
               direction of the vast dune sea.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          And don't let me catch you following \
                         me begging for help, because you \
                         won't get it.\
\
               Artoo's reply is a rather rude sound. He turns and trudges \
               off in the direction of the towering mesas.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          No more adventures. I'm not going \
                         that way.\
\
               Artoo beeps to himself as he makes his way toward the distant \
               mountains.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - DUNE SEA\

\f1\b0 \
               Threepio, hot and tired, struggles up over the ridge of a \
               dune; only to find more dunes, which seem to go on for endless \
               miles.  He looks back in the direction of the now distant \
               rock mesas.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          That malfunctioning little twerp. \
                         This is all his fault! He tricked me \
                         into going this way, but he'll do no \
                         better.\
\
               In a huff of anger and frustration, Threepio knocks the sand \
               from his joints. His plight seems hopeless, when a glint of \
               reflected light in the distance reveals an object moving \
               towards him.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Wait, what's that? A transport! I'm \
                         saved!\
\
               The bronze android waves frantically and yells at the \
               approaching transport.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Over here! Help! Please, help!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - ANCHORHEAD SETTLEMENT - POWER STATION - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke and Biggs are walking and drinking a malt brew. Fixer \
               and the others can be heard working inside.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (Very animated)\
                         ...so I cut off my power, shut down \
                         the afterburners and came in low on \
                         Deak's trail. I was so close I thought \
                         I was going to fry my instruments. \
                         As it was I busted up the Skyhopper \
                         pretty bad. Uncle Owen was pretty \
                         upset. He grounded me for the rest \
                         of the season. You should have been \
                         there... it was fantastic.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          You ought to take it easy Luke. You \
                         may be the hottest bushpilot this \
                         side of Mos Eisley, but those little \
                         Skyhoppers are dangerous. Keep it \
                         up, and one day, whammo, you're going \
                         to be nothing more than a dark spot \
                         on the down side of a canyon wall.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Look who's talking. Now that you've \
                         been around those giant starships \
                         you're beginning to sound like my \
                         uncle. You've gotten soft in the \
                         city...\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          I've missed you kid.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Well, things haven't been the same \
                         since you left, Biggs. It's been \
                         so... quiet.\
\
               Biggs looks around then leans close to Luke.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          Luke, I didn't come back just to say \
                         good-bye... I shouldn't tell you \
                         this, but you're the only one I can \
                         trust... and if I don't come back, I \
                         want somebody to know.\
\
               Luke's eyes are wide with Biggs' seriousness and loyalty.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          What are you talking about?\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          I made some friends at the Academy.\
                              (he whispers)\
                         ...when our frigate goes to one of \
                         the central systems, we're going to \
                         jump ship and join the Alliance...\
\
               Luke, amazed and stunned, is almost speechless.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Join the Rebellion?! Are you kidding! \
                         How?\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          Quiet down will ya! You got a mouth \
                         bigger than a meteor crater!\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I'm sorry. I'm quiet.\
                              (he whispers)\
                         Listen how quiet I am. You can barely \
                         hear me...\
\
               Biggs shakes his head angrily and then continues.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          My friend has a friend on Bestine \
                         who might help us make contact.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          You're crazy! You could wander around \
                         forever trying to find them.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          I know it's a long shot, but if I \
                         don't find them I'll do what I can \
                         on my own... It's what we always \
                         talked about. Luke, I'm not going to \
                         wait for the Empire to draft me into \
                         service. The Rebellion is spreading \
                         and I want to be on the right side -- \
                         the side I believe in.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          And I'm stuck here...\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          I thought you were going to the \
                         Academy next term. You'll get your \
                         chance to get off this rock.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Not likely! I had to cancel my \
                         application. There has been a lot of \
                         unrest among the Sandpeople since \
                         you left... they've even raided the \
                         outskirts of Anchorhead.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          Your uncle could hold off a whole \
                         colony of Sandpeople with one blaster.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I know, but he's got enough vaporators \
                         going to make the place pay off. He \
                         needs me for just one more season. I \
                         can't leave him now.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          I feel for you, Luke, you're going \
                         to have to learn what seems to be \
                         important or what really is important. \
                         What good is all your uncle's work \
                         if it's taken over by the Empire?... \
                         You know they're starting to \
                         nationalize commerce in the central \
                         systems... it won't be long before \
                         your uncle is merely a tenant, slaving \
                         for the greater glory of the Empire.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          It couldn't happen here. You said it \
                         yourself. The Empire won't bother \
                         with this rock.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          Things always change.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I wish I was going... Are you going \
                         to be around long?\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          No, I'm leaving in the morning...\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Then I guess I won't see you.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          Maybe someday... I'll keep a lookout.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Well, I'll be at the Academy next \
                         season... after that who knows. I \
                         won't be drafted into the Imperial \
                         Starfleet that's for sure... Take \
                         care of yourself, you'll always be \
                         the best friend I've got.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          So long, Luke.\
\
               Biggs turns away from his old friend and heads towards the \
               power station.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - SUNSET\

\f1\b0 \
               The gargantuan rock formations are shrouded in a strange \
               foreboding mist and the onimous sounds of unearthly creatures \
               fill the air. Artoo moves cautiously through the creepy rock \
               canyon, inadvertently making a loud clicking noise as he \
               goes. He hears a distant, hard, metallic sound and stops for \
               a moment. Convinced he is alone, he continues on his way.\
\
               In the distance, a pebble tumbles down the steep canyon wall \
               and a small dark figure darts into the shadows. A little \
               further up the canyon a slight flicker of light reveals a \
               pair of eyes in the dark recesses only a few feet from the \
               narrow path.\
\
               The unsuspecting robot waddles along the rugged trail until \
               suddenly, out of nowhere, a powerful magnetic ray shoots out \
               of the rocks and engulfs him in an eerie glow. He manages \
               one short electronic squeak before he topples over onto his \
               back. His bright computer lights flicker off, then on, then \
               off again. Out of the rocks scurry three Jawas, no taller \
               than Artoo. They holster strange and complex weapons as they \
               cautiously approach the robot. They wear grubby cloaks and \
               their faces are shrouded so only their glowing eyes can be \
               seen. They hiss and make odd guttural sounds as they heave \
               the heavy robot onto their shoulders and carry him off down \
               the trail.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - SANDCRAWLER - SUNSET\

\f1\b0 \
               The eight Jawas carry Artoo out of the canyon to a huge tank-\
               like vehicle the size of a four-story house. They weld a \
               small disk on the side of Artoo and then put him under a \
               large tube on the side of the vehicle and the little robot \
               is sucked into the giant machine.\
\
               The filthy little Jawas scurry like rats up small ladders \
               and enter the main cabin of the behemoth transport.\
\

\f0\b                INT. SANDCRAWLER - HOLD AREA\

\f1\b0 \
               It is dim inside the hold area of the Sandcrawler. Artoo \
               switches on a small floodlight on his forehead and stumbles \
               around the scrap heap. The narrow beam swings across rusty \
               metal rocket parts and an array of grotesquely twisted and \
               maimed astro-robots. He lets out a pathetic electronic whimper \
               and stumbles off toward what appears to be a door at the end \
               of the chamber.\
\

\f0\b                INT. SANDCRAWLER - PRISON AREA\

\f1\b0 \
               Artoo enters a wide room with a four-foot ceiling. In the \
               middle of the scrap heap sit a dozen or so robots of various \
               shapes and sizes. Some are engaged in electronic conversation, \
               while others simply mill about. A voice of recognition calls \
               out from the gloom.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Artoo-Detoo! It's you! It's you!\
\
               A battered Threepio scrambles up to Artoo and embraces him.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - SANDCRAWLER - SUNSET\

\f1\b0 \
               The enormous Sandcrawler lumbers off toward the magnificent \
               twin suns, which are slowly setting over a distant mountain \
               ridge.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Four Imperial stormtroopers mill about in front of the half-\
               buried lifepod that brought Artoo and Threepio to Tatooine. \
               A trooper yells to an officer some distance away.\
\

\f0\b                                      FIRST TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          Someone was in the pod. The tracks \
                         go off in this direction.\
\
               A second trooper picks a small bit of metal out of the sand \
               and gives it to the first trooper.\
\

\f0\b                                      SECOND TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          Look, sir -- droids.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - DUNES\

\f1\b0 \
               The Sandcrawler moves slowly down a great sand dune.\
\

\f0\b                INT. SANDCRAWLER\

\f1\b0 \
               Threepio and Artoo noisily bounce along inside the cramped \
               prison chamber. Artoo appears to be shut off.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Wake up! Wake up!\
\
               Suddenly the shaking and bouncing of the Sandcrawler stops, \
               creating quite a commotion among the mechanical men.  \
               Threepio's fist bangs the head of Artoo whose computer lights \
               pop on as he begins beeping. At the far end of the long \
               chamber a hatch opens, filling the chamber with blinding \
               white light. a dozen or so Jawas make their way through the \
               odd assortment of robots.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          We're doomed.\
\
               A Jawa starts moving toward them.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Do you think they'll melt us down?\
\
               Artoo responds, making beeping sounds.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Don't shoot! Don't shoot! Will this \
                         never end?\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - LARS HOMESTEAD - AFTERNOON\

\f1\b0 \
               The Jawas mutter gibberish as they busily line up their \
               battered captives, including Artoo and Threepio, in front of \
               the enormous Sandcrawler, which is parked beside a small \
               homestead consisting of three large holes in the ground \
               surrounded by several tall moisture vaporators and one small \
               adobe block house.\
\
               The Jawas scurry around fussing over the robots, straightening \
               them up or brushing some dust from a dented metallic elbow. \
               The shrouded little creatures smell horribly, attracting \
               small insects to the dark areas when their mouths and nostrils \
               should be.\
\
               Out of the shadows of a dingy side-building limps Owen Lars, \
               a large burly man in his mid-fifties. His reddish eyes are \
               sunken in a dust-covered face. As the farmer carefully \
               inspects each robot, he is closely followed by his slump- \
               shouldered nephew, Luke Skywalker. One of the vile little \
               Jawas walks ahead of the farmer spouting an animated sales \
               pitch in a queer, unintelligible language.\
\
               A voice calls out from one of the huge holes that form the \
               homestead. Luke goes over to the edge and sees his Aunt Beru \
               standing in the main courtyard.\
\

\f0\b                                      BERU\

\f1\b0                          Luke, tell Owen that if he gets a \
                         translator to be sure it speaks Bocce.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          It looks like we don't have much of \
                         a choice but I'll remind him.\
\
               Luke returns to his uncle as they look over the equipment \
               for sale with the Jawa leader.\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          I have no need for a protocol droid.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                               (quickly)\
                         Sir -- not in an environment such as \
                         this -- that's why I've also been \
                         programmed for over thirty secondary \
                         functions that...\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          What I really need is a droid that \
                         understands the binary language of \
                         moisture vaporators.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Vaporators! Sir -- My first job was \
                         programming binary load lifter... \
                         very similar to your vaporators. You \
                         could say...\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          Do you speak Bocce?\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Of course I can, sir. It's like a \
                         second language for me... I'm as \
                         fluent in Bocce...\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          All right shut up!\
                              (turning to Jawa)\
                         I'll take this one.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Shutting up, sir.\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          Luke, take these two over to the \
                         garage, will you? I want you to have \
                         both of them cleaned up before dinner.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          But I was going into Toshi Station \
                         to pick up some power converters...\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          You can waste time with your friends \
                         when your chores are done. Now come \
                         on, get to it!\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          All right, come on! And the red one, \
                         come on. Well, come on, Red, let's \
                         go.\
\
               As the Jawas start to lead the three remaining robots back \
               into the Sandcrawler, Artoo lets out a pathetic little beep \
               and starts after his old friend Threepio. He is restrained \
               by a slimy Jawa, who zaps him with a control box.\
\
               Owen is negotiating with the head Jawa. Luke and the two \
               robots start off for the garage when a plate pops off the \
               head of the red astro-droid's head plate and it sparks wildly.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Uncle Owen...\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          Yeah?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          This R2 unit has a bad motivator. \
                         Look!\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                               (to the head Jawa)\
                         Hey, what're you trying to push on \
                         us?\
\
               The Jawa goes into a loud spiel. Meanwhile, Artoo has sneaked \
               out of line and is moving up and down trying to attract \
               attention. He lets out with a low whistle. Threepio taps \
               Luke on the shoulder.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                               (pointing to Artoo)\
                         Excuse me, sir, but that R2 unit is \
                         in prime condition. A real bargain.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Uncle Owen...\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          Yeah?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          What about that one?\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                               (to Jawa)\
                         What about that blue one? We'll take \
                         that one.\
\
               With a little reluctance the scruffy dwarf trades the damaged \
               astro-droid for Artoo.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Yeah, take it away.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Uh, I'm quite sure you'll be very \
                         pleased with that one, sir. He really \
                         is in first-class condition. I've \
                         worked with him before. Here he comes.\
\
               Owen pays off the whining Jawa as Luke and the two robots \
               trudge off toward a grimy homestead entry.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Okay, let's go.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                               (to Artoo)\
                         Now, don't you forget this! Why I \
                         should stick my neck out for you is \
                         quite beyond my capacity!\
\

\f0\b                INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - GARAGE AREA - LATE AFTERNOON\

\f1\b0 \
               The garage is cluttered and worn, but a friendly peaceful \
               atmosphere permeates the low grey chamber. Threepio lowers \
               himself into a large tub filled with warm oil. Near the \
               battered Landspeeder little Artoo rests on a large battery \
               with a cord to his face.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Thank the maker! This oil bath is \
                         going to feel so good. I've got such \
                         a bad case of dust contamination, I \
                         can barely move!\
\
               Artoo beeps a muffled reply. Luke seems to be lost in thought \
               as he runs his hand over the damaged fin of a small two-man \
               Skyhopper spaceship resting in a low hangar off the garage. \
               Finally Luke's frustrations get the better of him and he \
               slams a wrench across the workbench.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          It just isn't fair. Oh, Biggs is \
                         right. I'm never gonna get out of \
                         here!\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Is there anything I might do to help?\
\
               Luke glances at the battered robot. A bit of his anger drains \
               and a tiny smile creeps across his face.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Well, not unless you can alter time, \
                         speed up the harvest, or teleport me \
                         off this rock!\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          I don't think so, sir. I'm only a \
                         droid and not very knowledgeable \
                         about such things. Not on this planet, \
                         anyways. As a matter of fact, I'm \
                         not even sure which planet I'm on.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Well, if there's a bright center to \
                         the universe, you're on the planet \
                         that it's farthest from.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          I see, sir.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Uh, you can call me Luke.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          I see, sir Luke.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (laughing)\
                         Just Luke.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          And I am See-Threepio, human-cyborg \
                         relations, and this is my counterpart, \
                         Artoo-Detoo.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Hello.\
\
               Artoo beeps in response. Luke unplugs Artoo and begins to \
               scrape several connectors on the robot's head with a chrome \
               pick. Threepio climbs out of the oil tub and begins wiping \
               oil from his bronze body.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          You got a lot of carbon scoring here. \
                         It looks like you boys have seen a \
                         lot of action.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          With all we've been through, sometimes \
                         I'm amazed we're in as good condition \
                         as we are, what with the Rebellion \
                         and all.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          You know of the Rebellion against \
                         the Empire?\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          That's how we came to be in your \
                         service, if you take my meaning, \
                         sir.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Have you been in many battles?\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Several, I think. Actually, there's \
                         not much to tell. I'm not much more \
                         than an interpreter, and not very \
                         good at telling stories. Well, not \
                         at making them interesting, anyways.\
\
               Luke struggles to remove a small metal fragment from Artoo's \
               neck joint. He uses a larger pick.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Well, my little friend, you've got \
                         something jammed in here real good. \
                         Were you on a cruiser or...\
\
               The fragment breaks loose with a snap, sending Luke tumbling \
               head over heels. He sits up and sees a twelve-inch three-\
               dimensional hologram of Leia Organa, the Rebel senator, being \
               projected from the face of little Artoo. The image is a \
               rainbow of colors as it flickers and jiggles in the dimly \
               lit garage. Luke's mouth hangs open in awe.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my \
                         only hope.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          What's this?\
\
               Artoo looks around and sheepishly beeps an answer for Threepio \
               to translate. Leia continues to repeat the sentence fragment \
               over and over.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          What is what?!? He asked you a \
                         question...\
                              (pointing to Leia)\
                         What is that?\
\
               Artoo whistles his surprise as he pretends to just notice \
               the hologram. He looks around and sheepishly beeps an answer \
               for Threepio to translate. Leia continues to repeat the \
               sentence fragment over and over.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my \
                         only hope. Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. \
                         You're my only hope.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Oh, he says it's nothing, sir. Merely \
                         a malfunction. Old data. Pay it no \
                         mind.\
\
               Luke becomes intrigued by the beautiful girl.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Who is she? She's beautiful.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          I'm afraid I'm not quite sure, sir.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi...\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          I think she was a passenger on our \
                         last voyage. A person of some \
                         importance, sir -- I believe. Our \
                         captain was attached to...\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Is there more to this recording?\
\
               Luke reaches out for Artoo but he lets out several frantic \
               squeaks and a whistle.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Behave yourself, Artoo. You're going \
                         to get us in trouble. It's all right, \
                         you can trust him. He's our new \
                         master.\
\
               Artoo whistles and beeps a long message to Threepio.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          He says he's the property of Obi-Wan \
                         Kenobi, a resident of these parts. \
                         And it's a private message for him. \
                         Quite frankly, sir I don't know what \
                         he's talking about. Our last master \
                         was Captain Antilles, but with what \
                         we've been through, this little R2 \
                         unit has become a bit eccentric.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Obi-Wan Kenobi? I wonder if he means \
                         old Ben Kenobi?\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          I beg your pardon, sir, but do you \
                         know what he's talking about?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Well, I don't know anyone named Obi-\
                         Wan, but old Ben lives out beyond \
                         the dune sea. He's kind of a strange \
                         old hermit.\
\
               Luke's gazes at the beautiful young princess for a few \
               moments.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I wonder who she is. It sounds like \
                         she's in trouble. I'd better play \
                         back the whole thing.\
\
               Artoo beeps something to Threepio.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          He says the restraining bolt has \
                         short circuited his recording system. \
                         He suggests that if you remove the \
                         bolt, he might be able to play back \
                         the entire recording.\
\
               Luke looks longingly at the lovely, little princess and hasn't \
               really heard what Threepio has been saying.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          H'm? Oh, yeah, well, I guess you're \
                         too small to run away on me if I \
                         take this off! Okay.\
\
               Luke takes a wedged bar and pops the restraining bolt off \
               Artoo's side.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          There you go.\
\
               The princess immediately disappears...\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Well, wait a minute. Where'd she go? \
                         Bring her back! Play back the entire \
                         message.\
\
               Artoo beeps an innocent reply as Threepio sits up in \
               embarrassment.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          What message? The one you're carrying \
                         inside your rusty innards!\
\
               A women's voice calls out from another room.\
\

\f0\b                                      AUNT BERU\

\f1\b0                          Luke? Luke! Come to dinner!\
\
               Luke stands up and shakes his head at the malfunctioning \
               robot.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          All right, I'll be right there, Aunt \
                         Beru.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          I'm sorry, sir, but he appears to \
                         have picked up a slight flutter.\
\
               Luke tosses Artoo's restraining bolt on the workbench and \
               hurries out of the room.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Well, see what you can do with him. \
                         I'll be right back.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                               (to Artoo)\
                         Just you reconsider playing that \
                         message for him.\
\
               Artoo beeps in response.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          No, I don't think he likes you at \
                         all.\
\
               Artoo beeps.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          No, I don't like you either.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - DINING AREA\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke's Aunt Beru, a warm, motherly woman, fills a pitcher \
               with blue fluid from a refrigerated container in the well-\
               used kitchen. She puts the pitcher on a tray with some bowls \
               of food and starts for the dining area.\
\
               Luke sits with his Uncle Owen before a table covered with \
               steaming bowls of food as Aunt Beru carries in a bowl of red \
               grain.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          You know, I think that R2 unit we \
                         bought might have been stolen.\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          What makes you think that?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Well, I stumbled across a recording \
                         while I was cleaning him. He says he \
                         belongs to someone called Obi-Wan \
                         Kenobi.\
\
               Owen is greatly alarmed at the mention of his name, but \
               manages to control himself.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I thought he might have meant old \
                         Ben. Do you know what he's talking \
                         about? Well, I wonder if he's related \
                         to Ben.\
\
               Owen breaks loose with a fit of uncontrolled anger.\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          That old man's just a crazy old \
                         wizard. Tomorrow I want you to take \
                         that R2 unit into Anchorhead and \
                         have its memory flushed. That'll be \
                         the end of it. It belongs to us now.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          But what if this Obi-Wan comes looking \
                         for him?\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          He won't, I don't think he exists \
                         any more. He died about the same \
                         time as your father.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          He knew my father?\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          I told you to forget it. Your only \
                         concern is to prepare the new droids \
                         for tomorrow. In the morning I want \
                         them on the south ridge working out \
                         those condensers.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Yes, sir. I think those new droids \
                         are going to work out fine. In fact, \
                         I, uh, was also thinking about our \
                         agreement about my staying on another \
                         season. And if these new droids do \
                         work out, I want to transmit my \
                         application to the Academy this year.\
\
               Owen's face becomes a scowl, although he tries to suppress \
               it.\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          You mean the next semester before \
                         harvest?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Sure, there're more than enough \
                         droids.\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          Harvest is when I need you the most. \
                         Only one more season. This year we'll \
                         make enough on the harvest so I'll \
                         be able to hire some more hands. And \
                         then you can go to the Academy next \
                         year.\
\
               Luke continues to toy with his food, not looking at his uncle.\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          You must understand I need you here, \
                         Luke.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          But it's a whole 'nother year.\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          Look, it's only one more season.\
\
               Luke pushes his half-eaten plate of food aside and stands.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Yeah, that's what you said last year \
                         when Biggs and Tank left.\
\

\f0\b                                      AUNT BERU\

\f1\b0                          Where are you going?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          It looks like I'm going nowhere. I \
                         have to finish cleaning those droids.\
\
               Resigned to his fate, Luke paddles out of the room. Owen \
               mechanically finishes his dinner.\
\

\f0\b                                      AUNT BERU\

\f1\b0                          Owen, he can't stay here forever. \
                         Most of his friends have gone. It \
                         means so much to him.\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          I'll make it up to him next year. I \
                         promise.\
\

\f0\b                                      AUNT BERU\

\f1\b0                          Luke's just not a farmer, Owen. He \
                         has too much of his father in him.\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          That's what I'm afraid of.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - LARS HOMESTEAD\

\f1\b0 \
               The giant twin suns of Tatooine slowly disappear behind a \
               distant dune range. Luke stands watching them for a few \
               moments, then reluctantly enters the doomed entrance to the \
               homestead.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - GARAGE\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke enters the garage to discover the robots nowhere in \
               sight. He takes a small control box from his utility belt \
               similar to the one the Jawas were carrying. He activates the \
               box, which creates a low hum, and Threepio, letting out a \
               short yell, pops up from behind the Skyhopper spaceship.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          What are you doing hiding there?\
\
               Threepio stumbles forward, but Artoo is still nowhere in \
               sight.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          It wasn't my fault, sir. Please don't \
                         deactivate me. I told him not to go, \
                         but he's faulty, malfunctioning; \
                         kept babbling on about his mission.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Oh, no!\
\
               Luke races out of the garage followed by Threepio.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - LARS HOMESTEAD\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke rushes out of the small doomed entry to the homestead \
               and searches the darkening horizon for the small triped astro-\
               robot. Threepio struggles out of the homestead and on the \
               salt flat as Luke scans the landscape with his \
               electrobinoculars.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          That R2 unit has always been a \
                         problem. These astro-droids are \
                         getting quite out of hand. Even I \
                         can't understand their logic at times.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          How could I be so stupid? He's nowhere \
                         in sight. Blast it!\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Pardon me, sir, but couldn't we go \
                         after him?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          It's too dangerous with all the \
                         Sandpeople around. We'll have to \
                         wait until morning.\
\
               Owen yells up from the homestead plaza.\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          Luke, I'm shutting the power down \
                         for the night.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          All right, I'll be there in a few \
                         minutes. Boy, am I gonna get it.\
\
               He takes one final look across the dim horizon.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          You know that little droid is going \
                         to cause me a lot of trouble.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Oh, he excels at that, sir.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - PLAZA\

\f1\b0 \
               Morning slowly creeps into the sparse but sparkling oasis of \
               the open courtyard. The idyll is broken be the yelling of \
               Uncle Owen, his voice echoing throughout the homestead.\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          Luke? Luke? Luke? Where could he be \
                         loafing now!\
\

\f0\b                INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - KITCHEN\

\f1\b0 \
               The interior of the kitchen is a worm glow as Aunt Beru \
               prepares the morning breakfast. Owen enters in a huff.\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          Have you seen Luke this morning?\
\

\f0\b                                      AUNT BERU\

\f1\b0                          He said he had some things to do \
                         before he started today, so he left \
                         early.\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          Uh? Did he take those two new droids \
                         with him?\
\

\f0\b                                      AUNT BERU\

\f1\b0                          I think so.\
\

\f0\b                                      OWEN\

\f1\b0                          Well, he'd better have those units \
                         in the south range repaired be midday \
                         or there'll be hell to pay!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT WASTELAND - LUKE'S SPEEDER - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
               The rock and sand of the desert floor are a blur as Threepio \
               pilots the sleek Landspeeder gracefully across the vast \
               wasteland.\
\

\f0\b                INT./EXT. LUKE'S SPEEDER - DESERT WASTELAND - TRAVELING - \
               DAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke leans over the back of the speeder and adjusts something \
               in the motor compartment.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (yelling)\
                         How's that.\
\
               Threepio signals that is fine and Luke turns back into the \
               wind-whipped cockpit and pops the canopy shut.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Old Ben Kenobi lives out in this \
                         direction somewhere, but I don't see \
                         how that R2 unit could have come \
                         this far. We must have missed him. \
                         Uncle Owen isn't going to take this \
                         very well.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Sir, would it help if you told him \
                         it was my fault.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (brightening)\
                         Sure. He needs you. He'd probably \
                         only deactivate you for a day or \
                         so...\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Deactivate! Well, on the other hand \
                         if you hadn't removed his restraining \
                         bolt...\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Wait, there's something dead ahead \
                         on the scanner. It looks like our \
                         droid... hit the accelerator.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK MESA - DUNE SEA - COASTLINE - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
               From high on a rock mesa, the tiny Landspeeder can be seen \
               gliding across the desert floor. Suddenly in the foreground \
               two weather-beaten Sandpeople shrouded in their grimy desert \
               cloaks peer over the edge of the rock mesa. One of the \
               marginally human creatures raises a long ominous laser rifle \
               and points it at the speeder but the second creature grabs \
               the gun before it can be fired.\
\
               The Sandpeople, or Tusken Raiders as they're sometimes called, \
               speak in a coarse barbaric language as they get into an \
               animated argument. The second Tusken Raider seems to get in \
               the final word and the nomads scurry over the rocky terrain.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK MESA - CANYON\

\f1\b0 \
               The Tusken Raider approaches two large Banthas standing tied \
               to a rock. The monstrous, bear-like creatures are as large \
               as elephants, with huge red eyes, tremendous looped horns, \
               and long, furry, dinosaur-like tails. The Tusken Raiders \
               mount saddles strapped to the huge creatures' shaggy backs \
               and ride off down the rugged bluff.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - FLOOR\

\f1\b0 \
               The speeder is parked on the floor of a massive canyon. Luke, \
               with his long laser rifle slung over his shoulder, stands \
               before little Artoo.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Hey, whoa, just where do you think \
                         you're going?\
\
               The little droid whistles a feeble reply, as Threepio poses \
               menacingly behind the little runaway.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Master Luke here is your rightful \
                         owner. We'll have no more of this \
                         Obi-Wan Kenobi jibberish... and don't \
                         talk to me about your mission, either. \
                         You're fortunate he doesn't blast \
                         you into a million pieces right here.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Well, come on. It's getting late. I \
                         only hope we can get back before \
                         Uncle Owen really blows up.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          If you don't mind my saying so, sir, \
                         I think you should deactivate the \
                         little fugitive until you've gotten \
                         him back to your workshop.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          No, he's not going to try anything.\
\
               Suddenly the little robot jumps to life with a mass of frantic \
               whistles and screams.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          What's wrong with him now?\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Oh my... sir, he says there are \
                         several creatures approaching from \
                         the southeast.\
\
               Luke swings his rifle into position and looks to the south.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Sandpeople! Or worst! Come on, let's \
                         have a look. Come on.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - RIDGE - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke carefully makes his way to the top of a rock ridge and \
               scans the canyon with his electrobinoculars. He spots the \
               two riderless Banthas. Threepio struggles up behind the young \
               adventurer.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          There are two Banthas down there but \
                         I don't see any... wait a second, \
                         they're Sandpeople all right. I can \
                         see one of them now.\
\
               Luke watches the distant Tusken Raider through his \
               electrobinoculars. Suddenly something huge moves in front of \
               his field of view. Before Luke or Threepio can react, a large, \
               gruesome Tusken Raider looms over them. Threepio is startled \
               and backs away, right off the side if the cliff. He can be \
               heard for several moments as he clangs, bangs and rattles \
               down the side of the mountain.\
\
               The towering creature brings down his curved, double-pointed \
               gaderffii -- the dreaded axe blade that has struck terror in \
               the heart of the local settlers. But Luke manages to block \
               the blow with his laser rifle, which is smashed to pieces. \
               The terrified farm boy scrambles backward until he is forced \
               to the edge of a deep crevice. The sinister Raider stands \
               over him with his weapon raised and lets out a horrible \
               shrieking laugh.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - FLOOR - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Artoo forces himself into the shadows of a small alcove in \
               the rocks as the vicious Sandpeople walk past carrying the \
               inert Luke Skywalker, who is dropped in a heap before the \
               speeder.  The Sandpeople ransack the speeder, throwing parts \
               and supplies in all directions. Suddenly they stop. Then \
               everything is quiet for a few moments. A great howling moan \
               is heard echoing throughout the canyon which sends the \
               Sandpeople fleeing in terror.\
\
               Artoo moves even tighter into the shadows as the slight \
               swishing sound that frightened off the Sandpeople grows even \
               closer, until a shabby old desert-rat-of-a-man appears and \
               leans over Luke. His ancient leathery face, cracked and \
               weathered by exotic climates is set off by dark, penetrating \
               eyes and a scraggly white beard. Ben Kenobi squints his eyes \
               as he scrutinizes the unconscious farm boy. Artoo makes a \
               slight sound and Ben turns and looks right at him.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Hello there! Come here my little \
                         friend. Don't be afraid.\
\
               Artoo waddles over to were Luke lies crumpled in a heap and \
               begins to whistle and beep his concern. Ben puts his hand on \
               Luke's forehead and he begins to come around.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Don't worry, he'll be all right.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          What happened?\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Rest easy, son, you've had a busy \
                         day. You're fortunate you're still \
                         in one piece.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Ben? Ben Kenobi! Boy, am I glad to \
                         see you!\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          The Jundland wastes are not to be \
                         traveled lightly. Tell me young Luke, \
                         what brings you out this far?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Oh, this little droid! I think he's \
                         searching for his former master... \
                         I've never seen such devotion in a \
                         droid before... there seems to be no \
                         stopping him. He claims to be the \
                         property of an Obi-Wan Kenobi. Is he \
                         a relative of yours? Do you know who \
                         he's talking about?\
\
               Ben ponders this for a moment, scratching his scruffy beard.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Obi-Wan Kenobi... Obi-Wan? Now thats \
                         a name I haven't heard in a long \
                         time... a long time.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I think my uncle knew him. He said \
                         he was dead.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Oh, he's not dead, not... not yet.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          You know him!\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Well of course, of course I know \
                         him. He's me! I haven't gone by the \
                         name Obi-Wan since oh, before you \
                         were born.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Then the droid does belong to you.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Don't seem to remember ever owning a \
                         droid. Very interesting...\
\
               He suddenly looks up at the overhanging cliffs.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          I think we better get indoors. The \
                         Sandpeople are easily startled but \
                         they will soon be back and in greater \
                         numbers.\
\
               Luke sits up and rubs his head. Artoo lets out a pathetic \
               beep causing Luke to remember something. He looks around.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Threepio!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - SAND PIT - ROCK MESA - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Little Artoo stands at the edge of a large sand pit and begins \
               to chatter away in electronic whistles and beeps. Luke and \
               Ben stand over a very dented and tangled Threepio lying half \
               buried in the sand. One of his arms has broken off.\
\
               Luke tries to revive the inert robot by shaking him and then \
               flips a hidden switch on his back several times until finally \
               the mechanical man's systems turn on.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Where am I? I must have taken a bad \
                         step...\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Can you stand? We've got to get out \
                         of here before the Sandpeople return.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          I don't think I can make it. You go \
                         on, Master Luke. There's no sense in \
                         you risking yourself on my account. \
                         I'm done for.\
\
               Artoo makes a beeping sound.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          No, you're not. What kind of talk is \
                         that?\
\
               Luke and Ben help the battered robot to his feet. Little \
               Artoo watches from the top of the pit. Ben glances around \
               suspiciously. Sensing something, he stands up and sniffs the \
               air.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Quickly, son... they're on the move.\
\

\f0\b                INT. KENOBI'S DWELLING\

\f1\b0 \
               The small, spartan hovel is cluttered with desert junk but \
               still manages to radiate an air of time-worn comfort and \
               security. Luke is in one corner repairing Threepio's arm, as \
               old Ben sits thinking.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          No, my father didn't fight in the \
                         wars. He was a navigator on a spice \
                         freighter.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          That's what your uncle told you. He \
                         didn't hold with your father's ideals. \
                         Thought he should have stayed here \
                         and not gotten involved.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          You fought in the Clone Wars?\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Yes, I was once a Jedi Knight the \
                         same as your father.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I wish I'd known him.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          He was the best star-pilot in the \
                         galaxy, and a cunning warrior. I \
                         understand you've become quite a \
                         good pilot yourself. And he was a \
                         good friend. Which reminds me...\
\
               Ben gets up and goes to a chest where he rummages around.  \
               As Luke finishes repairing Threepio and starts to fit the \
               restraining bolt back on, Threepio looks at him nervously.  \
               Luke thinks about the bolt for a moment then puts it on the \
               table. Ben shuffles up and presents Luke with a short handle \
               with several electronic gadgets attached to it.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          I have something here for you. Your \
                         father wanted you to have this when \
                         you were old enough, but your uncle \
                         wouldn't allow it. He feared you \
                         might follow old Obi-Wan on some \
                         damned-fool idealistic crusade like \
                         your father did.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Sir, if you'll not be needing me, \
                         I'll close down for awhile.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Sure, go ahead.\
\
               Ben hands Luke the saber.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          What is it?\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Your fathers lightsaber. This is the \
                         weapon of a Jedi Knight. Not as clumsy \
                         or as random as a blaster.\
\
               Luke pushes a button on the handle. A long beam shoots out \
               about four feet and flickers there. The light plays across \
               the ceiling.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          An elegant weapon for a more civilized \
                         time. For over a thousand generations \
                         the Jedi Knights were the guardians \
                         of peace and justice in the Old \
                         Republic. Before the dark times, \
                         before the Empire.\
\
               Luke hasn't really been listening.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          How did my father die?\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          A young Jedi named Darth Vader, who \
                         was a pupil of mine until he turned \
                         to evil, helped the Empire hunt down \
                         and destroy the Jedi Knights. He \
                         betrayed and murdered your father. \
                         Now the Jedi are all but extinct. \
                         Vader was seduced by the dark side \
                         of the Force.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          The Force?\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Well, the Force is what gives a Jedi \
                         his power. It's an energy field \
                         created by all living things. It \
                         surrounds us and penetrates us. It \
                         binds the galaxy together.\
\
               Artoo makes beeping sounds.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Now, let's see if we can't figure \
                         out what you are, my little friend. \
                         And where you come from.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I saw part of the message he was...\
\
               Luke is cut short as the recorded image of the beautiful \
               young Rebel princess is projected from Artoo's face.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          I seem to have found it.\
\
               Luke stops his work as the lovely girl's image flickers before \
               his eyes.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          General Kenobi, years ago you served \
                         my father in the Clone Wars. Now he \
                         begs you to help him in his struggle \
                         against the Empire. I regret that I \
                         am unable to present my father's \
                         request to you in person, but my \
                         ship has fallen under attack and I'm \
                         afraid my mission to bring you to \
                         Alderaan has failed. I have placed \
                         information vital to the survival of \
                         the Rebellion into the memory systems \
                         of this R2 unit. My father will know \
                         how to retrieve it. You must see \
                         this droid safely delivered to him \
                         on Alderaan. This is our most \
                         desperate hour. Help me, Obi-Wan \
                         Kenobi, you're my only hope.\
\
               There is a little static and the transmission is cut short.  \
               Old Ben leans back and scratches his head. He silently puffs \
               on a tarnished chrome water pipe. Luke has stars in his eyes.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          You must learn the ways of the Force \
                         if you're to come with me to Alderaan.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (laughing)\
                         Alderaan? I'm not going to Alderaan. \
                         I've got to go home. It's late, I'm \
                         in for it as it is.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          I need your help, Luke. She needs \
                         your help. I'm getting too old for \
                         this sort of thing.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I can't get involved! I've got work \
                         to do! It's not that I like the \
                         Empire. I hate it! But there's nothing \
                         I can do about it right now. It's \
                         such a long way from here.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          That's your uncle talking.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (sighing)\
                         Oh, God, my uncle. How am I ever \
                         going to explain this?\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Learn about the Force, Luke.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Look, I can take you as far as \
                         Anchorhead. You can get a transport \
                         there to Mos Eisley or wherever you're \
                         going.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          You must do what you feel is right, \
                         of course.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE.\

\f1\b0 \
               An Imperial Stardestroyer heads toward the evil planet-like \
               battle station: the Death Star!\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - CONFERENCE ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Eight Imperial senators and generals sit around a black \
               conference table. Imperial stormtroopers stand guard around \
               the room. Commander Tagge, a young, slimy-looking general, \
               is speaking.\
\

\f0\b                                      TAGGE\

\f1\b0                          Until this battle station is fully \
                         operational we are vulnerable. The \
                         Rebel Alliance is too well equipped. \
                         They're more dangerous than you \
                         realize.\
\
               The bitter Admiral Motti twists nervously in his chair.\
\

\f0\b                                      MOTTI\

\f1\b0                          Dangerous to your starfleet, \
                         Commander, not to this battle station!\
\

\f0\b                                      TAGGE\

\f1\b0                          The Rebellion will continue to gain \
                         a support in the Imperial Senate as \
                         long as....\
\
               Suddenly all heads turn as Commander Tagge's speech is cut \
               short and the Grand Moff Tarkin, governor of the Imperial \
               outland regions, enters. He is followed by his powerful ally, \
               The Sith Lord, Darth Vader. All of the generals stand and \
               bow before the thin, evil-looking governor as he takes his \
               place at the head of the table. The Dark Lord stands behind \
               him.\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          The Imperial Senate will no longer \
                         be of any concern to us. I've just \
                         received word that the Emperor has \
                         dissolved the council permanently. \
                         The last remnants of the Old Republic \
                         have been swept away.\
\

\f0\b                                      TAGGE\

\f1\b0                          That's impossible! How will the \
                         Emperor maintain control without the \
                         bureaucracy?\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          The regional governors now have direct \
                         control over territories. Fear will \
                         keep the local systems in line. Fear \
                         of this battle station.\
\

\f0\b                                      TAGGE\

\f1\b0                          And what of the Rebellion? If the \
                         Rebels have obtained a complete \
                         technical readout of this station, \
                         it is possible, however unlikely, \
                         that they might find a weakness and \
                         exploit it.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          The plans you refer to will soon be \
                         back in our hands.\
\

\f0\b                                      MOTTI\

\f1\b0                          Any attack made by the Rebels against \
                         this station would be a useless \
                         gesture, no matter what technical \
                         data they've obtained. This station \
                         is now the ultimate power in the \
                         universe. I suggest we use it!\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          Don't be too proud of this \
                         technological terror you've \
                         constructed. The ability to destroy \
                         a planet is insignificant next to \
                         the power of the Force.\
\

\f0\b                                      MOTTI\

\f1\b0                          Don't try to frighten us with your \
                         sorcerer's ways, Lord Vader. Your \
                         sad devotion to that ancient religion \
                         has not helped you conjure up the \
                         stolen data tapes, or given you \
                         clairvoyance enough to find the \
                         Rebel's hidden fort...\
\
               Suddenly Motti chokes and starts to turn blue under Vader's \
               spell.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          I find your lack of faith disturbing.\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          Enough of this! Vader, release him!\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          As you wish.\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          This bickering is pointless. Lord \
                         Vader will provide us with the \
                         location of the Rebel fortress by \
                         the time this station is operational. \
                         We will then crush the Rebellion \
                         with one swift stroke.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - WASTELAND\

\f1\b0 \
               The speeder stops before what remains of the huge Jawas \
               Sandcrawler. Luke and Ben walk among the smoldering rubble \
               and scattered bodies.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          It looks like Sandpeople did this, \
                         all right. Look, here are Gaffi \
                         sticks, Bantha tracks. It's just... \
                         I never heard of them hitting anything \
                         this big before.\
\
               Ben is crouching in the sand studying the tracks.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          They didn't. But we are meant to \
                         think they did. These tracks are \
                         side by side. Sandpeople always ride \
                         single file to hide there numbers.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          These are the same Jawas that sold \
                         us Artoo and Threepio.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          And these blast points, too accurate \
                         for Sandpeople. Only Imperial \
                         stormtroopers are so precise.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Why would Imperial troops want to \
                         slaughter Jawas?\
\
               Luke looks back at the speeder where Artoo and Threepio are \
               inspecting the dead Jawas, and put two and two together.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          If they traced the robots here, they \
                         may have learned who they sold them \
                         to. And that would lead them home!\
\
               Luke reaches a sudden horrible realization, then races for \
               the speeder and jumps it.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Wait, Luke! It's too dangerous.\
\
               Luke races off leaving Ben and the two robots alone with the \
               burning Sandcrawler.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - WASTELAND\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke races across the wasteland in his battered Landspeeder.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - LARS HOMESTEAD\

\f1\b0 \
               The speeder roars up to the burning homestead. Luke jumps \
               out and runs to the smoking holes that were once his home. \
               Debris is scattered everywhere and it looks as if a great \
               battle has taken place.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Uncle Owen! Aunt Beru! Uncle Owen!\
\
               Luke stumbles around in a daze looking for his aunt and uncle. \
               Suddenly he comes upon their smoldering remains. He is \
               stunned, and cannot speak. Hate replaces fear and a new \
               resolve comes over him.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               Imperial TIE fighter races toward the Death Star.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - DETENTION CORRIDOR\

\f1\b0 \
               Two stormtroopers open an electronic cell door and allow \
               several Imperial guards to enter. Princess Leia's face is \
               filled with defiance, which slowly gives way to fear as a \
               giant black torture robot enters, followed by Darth Vader.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          And, now Your Highness, we will \
                         discuss the location of your hidden \
                         Rebel base.\
\
               The torture robot gives off a steady beeping sound as it \
               approaches Princess Leia and extends one of its mechanical \
               arms bearing a large hypodermic needle. The door slides shut \
               and the long cell block hallway appears peaceful. The muffled \
               screams of the Rebel princess are barely heard.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - WASTELAND\

\f1\b0 \
               There is a large bonfire of Jawa bodies blazing in front of \
               the Sandcrawler as Ben and the robots finish burning the \
               dead.  Luke drives up in the speeder and Ben walks over to \
               him.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          There's nothing you could have done, \
                         Luke, had you been there. You'd have \
                         been killed, too, and the droids \
                         would be in the hands of the Empire.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I want to come with you to Alderaan. \
                         There's nothing here for me now. I \
                         want to learn the ways of the Force \
                         and become a Jedi like my father.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - WASTELAND\

\f1\b0 \
               The Landspeeder with Luke, Artoo, Threepio, and Ben in it \
               zooms across the desert. The speeder stops on a bluff \
               overlooking the spaceport at Mos Eisley. It is a haphazard \
               array of low, grey, concrete structures and semi-domes. A \
               harsh gale blows across the stark canyon floor. Luke adjusts \
               his goggles and walks to the edge of the craggy bluff where \
               Ben is standing.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Mos Eisley Spaceport. You will never \
                         find a more wretched hive of scum \
                         and villainy. We must be cautious.\
\
               Ben looks over at Luke, who gives the old Jedi a determined \
               smile.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET\

\f1\b0 \
               The speeder is stopped on a crowded street by several combat-\
               hardend stormtroopers who look over the two robots. A Trooper \
               questions Luke.\
\

\f0\b                                      TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          How long have you had these droids?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          About three or four seasons.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          They're for sale if you want them.\
\

\f0\b                                      TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          Let me see your identification.\
\
               Luke becomes very nervous as he fumbles to find his ID while \
               Ben speaks to the Trooper in a very controlled voice.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          You don't need to see his \
                         identification.\
\

\f0\b                                      TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          We don't need to see his \
                         identification.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          These are not the droids your looking \
                         for.\
\

\f0\b                                      TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          These are not the droids we're looking \
                         for.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          He can go about his business.\
\

\f0\b                                      TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          You can go about your business.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                               (to Luke)\
                         Move along.\
\

\f0\b                                      TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          Move along. Move along.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET\

\f1\b0 \
               The speeder pulls up in front of a rundown blockhouse cantina \
               on the outskirts of the spaceport. Various strange forms of \
               transport, including several unusual beasts of burden, are \
               parked outside the bar. A Jawa runs up and begins to fondle \
               the speeder.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          I can't abide these Jawas. Disgusting \
                         creatures.\
\
               As Luke gets out of the speeder he tries to shoo the Jawa \
               away.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Go on, go on. I can't understand how \
                         we got by those troopers. I thought \
                         we were dead.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          The Force can have a strong influence \
                         on the weak-minded. You will find it \
                         a powerful ally.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Do you really think we're going to \
                         find a pilot here that'll take us to \
                         Alderaan?\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Well, most of the best freighter \
                         pilots can be found here. Only watch \
                         your step. This place can be a little \
                         rough.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I'm ready for anything.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Come along, Artoo.\
\

\f0\b                INT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - CANTINA\

\f1\b0 \
               The young adventurer and his two mechanical servants follow \
               Ben Kenobi into the smoke-filled cantina. The murky, moldy \
               den is filled with a startling array of weird and exotic \
               alien creatures and monsters at the long metallic bar. At \
               first the sight is horrifying. One-eyed, thousand-eyed, slimy, \
               furry, scaly, tentacled, and clawed creatures huddle over \
               drinks. Ben moves to an empty spot at the bar near a group \
               of repulsive but human scum. A huge, rough-looking Bartender \
               stops Luke and the robots.\
\

\f0\b                                      BARTENDER\

\f1\b0                          We don't serve their kind here!\
\
               Luke still recovering from the shock of seeing so many \
               outlandish creatures, doesn't quite catch the bartender's \
               drift.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          What?\
\

\f0\b                                      BARTENDER\

\f1\b0                          Your droids. They'll have to wait \
                         outside. We don't want them here.\
\
               Luke looks at old Ben, who is busy talking to one of the \
               Galactic pirates. He notices several of the gruesome creatures \
               along the bar are giving him a very unfriendly glare.\
\
               Luke pats Threepio on the shoulder.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Listen, why don't you wait out by \
                         the speeder. We don't want any \
                         trouble.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          I heartily agree with you sir.\
\
               Threepio and his stubby partner go outside and most of the \
               creatures at the bar go back to their drinks.\
\
               Ben is standing next to Chewbacca, an eight-foot-tall savage-\
               looking creature resembling a huge grey bushbaby monkey with \
               fierce baboon-like fangs. His large blue eyes dominate a fur-\
               covered face and soften his otherwise awesome appearance.  \
               Over his matted, furry body he wears two chrome bandoliers, \
               and little else. He is a two-hundred-year-old Wookiee and a \
               sight to behold.\
\
               Ben speaks to the Wookiee, pointing to Luke several times \
               during his conversation and the huge creature suddenly lets \
               out a horrifying laugh. Luke is more than a little bit \
               disconcerted and pretends not to hear the conversation between \
               Ben and the giant Wookiee.\
\
               Luke is terrified but tries not to show it. He quietly sips \
               his drink, looking over the crowd for a more sympathetic ear \
               or whatever.\
\
               A large, multiple-eyed Creature gives Luke a rough shove.\
\

\f0\b                                      CREATURE\

\f1\b0                          Negola dewaghi wooldugger?!?\
\
               The hideous freak is obviously drunk. Luke tries to ignore \
               the creature and turns back on his drink. A short, grubby \
               Human and an even smaller rodent-like beast join the \
               belligerent monstrosity.\
\

\f0\b                                      HUMAN\

\f1\b0                          He doesn't like you.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I'm sorry.\
\

\f0\b                                      HUMAN\

\f1\b0                          I don't like you either.\
\
               The big creature is getting agitated and yells out some \
               unintelligible gibberish at the now rather nervous, young \
               adventurer.\
\

\f0\b                                      HUMAN\

\f1\b0                          Don't insult us. You just watch \
                         yourself. We're wanted men. I have \
                         the death sentence in twelve systems.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I'll be careful than.\
\

\f0\b                                      HUMAN\

\f1\b0                          You'll be dead.\
\
               The rodent lets out a loud grunt and everything at the bar \
               moves away. Luke tries to remain cool but it isn't easy. His \
               three adversaries ready their weapons. Old Ben moves in behind \
               Luke.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          This little one isn't worth the \
                         effort. Come let me buy you \
                         something...\
\
               A powerful blow from the unpleasant creature sends the young \
               would-be Jedi sailing across the room, crashing through tables \
               and breaking a large jug filled with a foul-looking liquid. \
               With a blood curdling shriek, the monster draws a wicked \
               chrome laser pistol from his belt and levels it at old Ben. \
               The bartender panics.\
\

\f0\b                                      BARTENDER\

\f1\b0                          No blasters! No blaster!\
\
               With astounding agility old Ben's laser sword sparks to life \
               and in a flash an arm lies on the floor. The rodent is cut \
               in two and the giant multiple-eyed creature lies doubled, \
               cut from chin to groin. Ben carefully and precisely turns \
               off his laser sword and replaces it on his utility belt. \
               Luke, shaking and totally amazed at the old man's abilities, \
               attempts to stand. The entire fight has lasted only a matter \
               of seconds. The cantina goes back to normal, although Ben is \
               given a respectable amount of room at the bar. Luke, rubbing \
               his bruised head, approaches the old man with new awe. Ben \
               points the the Wookiee.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          This is Chewbacca. He's first-mate \
                         on a ship that might suit our needs.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET\

\f1\b0 \
               Threepio paces in front of the cantina as Artoo carries on \
               an electronic conversation with another little red astro-\
               droid. A creature comes out of the cantina and approaches \
               two stormtroopers in the street.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          I don't like the look of this.\
\

\f0\b                INT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - CANTINA\

\f1\b0 \
               Strange creatures play exotic big band music on odd-looking \
               instruments as Luke, still giddy, downs a fresh drink and \
               follows Ben and Chewbacca to a booth where Han Solo is \
               sitting. Han is a tough, roguish starpilot about thirty years \
               old. A mercenary on a starship, he is simple, sentimental, \
               and cocksure.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Han Solo. I'm captain of the \
                         Millennium Falcon. Chewie here tells \
                         me you're looking for passage to the \
                         Alderaan system.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Yes, indeed. If it's a fast ship.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Fast ship? You've never heard of the \
                         Millennium Falcon?\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Should I have?\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          It's the ship that made the Kessel \
                         run in less than twelve parsecs!\
\
               Ben reacts to Solo's stupid attempt to impress them with \
               obvious misinformation.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          I've outrun Imperial starships, not \
                         the local bulk-cruisers, mind you. \
                         I'm talking about the big Corellian \
                         ships now. She's fast enough for \
                         you, old man. What's the cargo?\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Only passengers. Myself, the boy, \
                         two droids, and no questions asked.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          What is it? Some kind of local \
                         trouble?\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Let's just say we'd like to avoid \
                         any Imperial entanglements.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Well, that's the trick, isn't it? \
                         And it's going to cost you something \
                         extra. Ten thousand in advance.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Ten thousand? We could almost buy \
                         our own ship for that!\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          But who's going to fly it, kid! You?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          You bet I could. I'm not such a bad \
                         pilot myself! We don't have to sit \
                         here and listen...\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          We haven't that much with us. But we \
                         could pay you two thousand now, plus \
                         fifteen when we reach Alderaan.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Seventeen, huh!\
\
               Han ponders this for a few moments.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Okay. You guys got yourself a ship. \
                         We'll leave as soon as you're ready. \
                         Docking bay Ninety-four.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Ninety-four.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Looks like somebody's beginning to \
                         take an interest in your handiwork.\
\
               Ben and Luke turn around to see four Imperial stormtroopers \
               looking at the dead bodies and asking the bartenders some \
               questions. The bartender points to the booth.\
\

\f0\b                                      TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          All right, we'll check it out.\
\
               The stormtroopers look over at the booth but Luke and Ben \
               are gone. The bartender shrugs his shoulders in puzzlement.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Seventeen thousand! Those guys must \
                         really be desperate. This could really \
                         save my neck. Get back to the ship \
                         and get her ready.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          You'll have to sell your speeder.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          That's okay. I'm never coming back \
                         to this planet again.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MOS EISLEY - CANTINA\

\f1\b0 \
               As Han is about to leave, Greedo, a slimy green-faced alien \
               with a short trunk-nose, pokes a gun in his side. The creature \
               speaks in a foreign tongue translated into English subtitles.\
\

\f0\b                                      GREEDO\

\f1\b0                          Going somewhere, Solo?\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Yes, Greedo. As a matter of fact, I \
                         was just going to see your boss. \
                         Tell Jabba that I've got his money.\
\
               Han sits down and the alien sits across from him holding the \
               gun on him.\
\

\f0\b                                      GREEDO\

\f1\b0                          It's too late. You should have paid \
                         him when you had the chance. Jabba's \
                         put a price on your head, so large \
                         that every bounty hunter in the galaxy \
                         will be looking for you. I'm lucky I \
                         found you first.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Yeah, but this time I got the money.\
\

\f0\b                                      GREEDO\

\f1\b0                          If you give it to me, I might forget \
                         I found you.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          I don't have it with me. Tell Jabba...\
\

\f0\b                                      GREEDO\

\f1\b0                          Jabba's through with you. He has no \
                         time for smugglers who drop their \
                         shipments at the first sign of an \
                         Imperial cruiser.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Even I get boarded sometimes. Do you \
                         think I had a choice?\
\
               Han Solo slowly reaches for his gun under the table.\
\

\f0\b                                      GREEDO\

\f1\b0                          You can tell that to Jabba. He may \
                         only take your ship.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Over my dead body.\
\

\f0\b                                      GREEDO\

\f1\b0                          That's the idea. I've been looking \
                         forward to killing you for a long \
                         time.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Yes, I'll bet you have.\
\
               Suddenly the slimy alien disappears in a blinding flash of \
               light. Han pulls his smoking gun from beneath the table as \
               the other patron look on in bemused amazement. Han gets up \
               and starts out of the cantina, flipping the bartender some \
               coins as he leaves.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Sorry about the mess.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               Several TIE fighters approach the Death Star.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          Her resistance to the mind probe is \
                         considerable. It will be some time \
                         before we can extract any information \
                         from her.\
\
               An Imperial Officer interrupts the meeting.\
\

\f0\b                                      IMPERIAL OFFICER\

\f1\b0                          The final check-out is complete. All \
                         systems are operational. What course \
                         shall we set?\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          Perhaps she would respond to an \
                         alternative form of persuasion.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          What do you mean?\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          I think it is time we demonstrate \
                         the full power of this station.\
                              (to soldier)\
                         Set your course for Princess Leia's \
                         home planet of Alderaan.\
\

\f0\b                                      TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          With pleasure.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET\

\f1\b0 \
               Four heavily-armed stormtroopers move menacingly along a \
               narrow slum alleyway crowed with darkly clad creatures hawking \
               exotic goods in the dingy little stalls. Men, monsters, and \
               robots crouch in the waste-filled doorways, whispering and \
               hiding from the hot winds.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Lock the door, Artoo.\
\
               One of the troopers checks a tightly locked door and moves \
               on down the alleyway. The door slides open a crack and \
               Threepio peeks out. Artoo is barely visible in the background.\
\

\f0\b                                      TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          All right, check that side of the \
                         street. It's secure. Move on to the \
                         next door.\
\
               The door opens, Threepio moves into the doorway.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          I would much rather have gone with \
                         Master Luke than stay here with you. \
                         I don't know what all the trouble is \
                         about, but I'm sure it must be your \
                         fault.\
\
               Artoo makes beeping sounds.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          You watch your language!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET - ALLEYWAY - USED \
               SPEEDER LOT\

\f1\b0 \
               Ben and Luke are standing in a sleazy used speeder lot, \
               talking with a tall, grotesque, insect-like used speeder \
               dealer. Strange exotic bodies and spindly-legged beasts pass \
               by as the insect concludes the sale by giving Luke some coins.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          He says it's the best he can do. \
                         Since the XP-38 came out, they're \
                         just not in demand.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          It will be enough.\
\
               Ben and Luke leave the speeder lot and walk down the dusty \
               alleyway past a small robot herding a bunch of anteater-like \
               creatures. Luke turns and gives one last forlorn look at his \
               faithful speeder as he rounds a corner. A darkly clad creature \
               moves out of the shadows as they pass and watches them as \
               they disappear down another alley.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          If the ship's as fast as he's \
                         boasting, we ought to do well.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DOCKING BAY 94 - DAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Jabba the Hut and a half-dozen grisly alien pirates and purple \
               creatures stand in the middle of the docking bay. Jabba is \
               the grossest of the slavering hulks and his scarred face is \
               a grim testimonial to his prowess as a vicious killer. He is \
               a fat, slug-like creature with eyes on extended feelers and \
               a huge ugly mouth.\
\

\f0\b                                      JABBA\

\f1\b0                          Come on out, Solo!\
\
               A voice from directly behind the pirates startles them and \
               they turn around to see Han Solo and the giant Wookiee, \
               Chewbacca, standing behind them with no weapons in sight.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          I've been waiting for you, Jabba.\
\

\f0\b                                      JABBA\

\f1\b0                          I expected you would be.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          I'm not the type to run.\
\

\f0\b                                      JABBA\

\f1\b0                               (fatherly-smooth)\
                         Han, my boy, there are times when \
                         you disappoint me... why haven't you \
                         paid me? And why did you have to fry \
                         poor Greedo like that... after all \
                         we've been through together.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          You sent Greedo to blast me.\
\

\f0\b                                      JABBA\

\f1\b0                               (mock surprise)\
                         Han, why you're the best smuggler in \
                         the business. You're too valuable to \
                         fry. He was only relaying my concern \
                         at your delays. He wasn't going to \
                         blast you.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          I think he thought he was. Next time \
                         don't send one of those twerps. If \
                         you've got something to say to me, \
                         come see me yourself.\
\

\f0\b                                      JABBA\

\f1\b0                          Han, Han! If only you hadn't had to \
                         dump that shipment of spice... you \
                         understand I just can't make an \
                         exception. Where would I be if every \
                         pilot who smuggled for me dumped \
                         their shipment at the first sign of \
                         an Imperial starship? It's not good \
                         business.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          You know, even I get boarded \
                         sometimes, Jabba. I had no choice, \
                         but I've got a charter now and I can \
                         pay you back, plus a little extra. I \
                         just need some more time.\
\

\f0\b                                      JABBA\

\f1\b0                               (to his men)\
                         Put your blasters away. Han, my boy, \
                         I'm only doing this because you're \
                         the best and I need you. So, for an \
                         extra, say twenty percent I'll give \
                         you a little more time... but this \
                         is it. If you disappoint me again, \
                         I'll put a price on your head so \
                         large you won't be able to go near a \
                         civilized system for the rest of \
                         your short life.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Jabba, I'll pay you because it's my \
                         pleasure.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. DOCKING PORT ENTRY - ALLEYWAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Chewbacca waits restlessly at the entrance to Docking Bay \
               94.  Ben, Luke, and the robots make their way up the street.  \
               Chewbacca jabbers excitedly and signals for them to hurry. \
               The darkly clad creature has followed them from the speeder \
               lot.  He stops in a nearby doorway and speaks into a small \
               transmitter.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT - DOCKING BAY 94\

\f1\b0 \
               Chewbacca leads the group into a giant dirt pit that is \
               Docking Bay 94. Resting in the middle of the huge hole is a \
               large, round, beat-up, pieced-together hunk of junk that \
               could only loosely be called a starship.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          What a piece of junk.\
\
               The tall figure of Han Solo comes down the boarding ramp.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          She'll make point five beyond the \
                         speed of light. She may not look \
                         like much, but she's got it where it \
                         counts, kid. I've added some special \
                         modifications myself.\
\
               Luke scratches his head. It's obvious he isn't sure about \
               all this. Chewbacca rushes up the ramp and urges the others \
               to follow.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          We're a little rushed, so if you'll \
                         hurry aboard we'll get out of here.\
\
               The group rushes up the gang plank, passing a grinning Han \
               Solo.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON\

\f1\b0 \
               Chewbacca settles into the pilot's chair and starts the mighty \
               engines of the starship.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT - DOCKING BAY 94\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke, Ben, Threepio, and Artoo move toward the Millennium \
               Falcon passing Solo.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Hello, sir.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET\

\f1\b0 \
               Eight Imperial stormtroopers rush up to the darkly clad \
               creature.\
\

\f0\b                                      TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          Which way?\
\
               The darkly clad creature points to the door of the docking \
               bay.\
\

\f0\b                                      TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          All right, men. Load your weapons!\
\

\f0\b                INT. MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT - DOCKING BAY 94]\

\f1\b0 \
               The troops hold their guns at the ready and charge down the \
               docking bay entrance.\
\

\f0\b                                      TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          Stop that ship!\
\
               Han Solo looks up and sees the Imperial stormtroopers rushing \
               into the docking bay. Several of the troopers fire at Han as \
               he ducks into the spaceship.\
\

\f0\b                                      TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          Blast 'em!\
\
               Han draws his laser pistol and pops off a couple of shots \
               which force the stormtroopers to dive for safety. The \
               pirateship engines whine as Han hits the release button that \
               slams the overhead entry shut.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Chewie, get us out of here!\
\
               The group straps in for take off.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Oh, my. I'd forgotten how much I \
                         hate space travel.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREETS\

\f1\b0 \
               The half-dozen stormtroopers at a check point hear the general \
               alarm and look to the sky as the huge starship rises above \
               the dingy slum dwellings and quickly disappears into the \
               morning sky.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Han climbs into the pilot's chair next to Chewbacca, who \
               chatters away as he points to something on the radar scope.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE - PLANET TATOOINE\

\f1\b0 \
               The Corellian pirateship zooms from Tatooine into space.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Han frantically types information into the ship's computer.  \
               Little Artoo appears momentarily at the cockpit doorway, \
               makes a few beeping remarks, then scurries away.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          It looks like an Imperial cruiser. \
                         Our passengers must be hotter than I \
                         thought. Try and hold them off. Angle \
                         the deflector shield while I make \
                         the calculations for the jump to \
                         light speed.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE - PLANET TATOOINE\

\f1\b0 \
               The Millennium Falcon pirateship races away from the yellow \
               planet, Tatooine. It is followed by two huge Imperial \
               stardestroyers.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Over the shoulders of Chewbacca and Han, we can see the galaxy \
               spread before them. Luke and Ben make their way into the \
               cramped cockpit where Han continues his calculation.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Stay sharp! There are two more coming \
                         in; they're going to try to cut us \
                         off.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Why don't you outrun them? I thought \
                         you said this thing was fast.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Watch your mouth, kid, or you're \
                         going to find yourself floating home. \
                         We'll be safe enough once we make \
                         the jump to hyperspace. Besides, I \
                         know a few maneuvers. We'll lose \
                         them!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE - PLANET TATOOINE\

\f1\b0 \
               Imperial cruisers fire at the pirateship.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               The ship shudders as an explosion flashes outside the window.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Here's where the fun begins!\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          How long before you can make the \
                         jump to light speed?\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          It'll take a few moments to get the \
                         coordinates from the navi-computer.\
\
               The ship begins to rock violently as lasers hit it.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Are you kidding? At the rate they're \
                         gaining...\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Traveling through hyperspace isn't \
                         like dusting crops, boy! Without \
                         precise calculations we could fly \
                         right through a star or bounce too \
                         close to a supernova and that'd end \
                         your trip real quick, wouldn't it?\
\
               The ship is now constantly battered with laserfire as a red \
               warning light begins to flash.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          What's that flashing?\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          We're losing our deflector shield. \
                         Go strap yourself in, I'm going to \
                         make the jump to light speed.\
\
               The galaxy brightens and they move faster, almost as if \
               crashing a barrier. Stars become streaks as the pirateship \
               makes the jump to hyperspace.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               The Millennium Falcon zooms into infinity in less than a \
               second.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Alderaan looms behind the Death Star battlestation.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Admiral Motti enters the quiet control room and bows before \
               Governor Tarkin, who stands before the huge wall screen \
               displaying a small green planet.\
\

\f0\b                                      MOTTI\

\f1\b0                          We've entered the Alderaan system.\
\
               Vader and two stormtroopers enter with Princess Leia. Her \
               hands are bound.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          Governor Tarkin, I should have \
                         expected to find you holding Vader's \
                         leash. I recognized your foul stench \
                         when I was brought on board.\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          Charming to the last. You don't know \
                         how hard I found it signing the order \
                         to terminate your life!\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          I surprised you had the courage to \
                         take the responsibility yourself!\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          Princess Leia, before your execution \
                         I would like you to be my guest at a \
                         ceremony that will make this battle \
                         station operational. No star system \
                         will dare oppose the Emperor now.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          The more you tighten your grip, \
                         Tarkin, the more star systems will \
                         slip through your fingers.\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          Not after we demonstrate the power \
                         of this station. In a way, you have \
                         determined the choice of the planet \
                         that'll be destroyed first. Since \
                         you are reluctant to provide us with \
                         the location of the Rebel base, I \
                         have chosen to test this station's \
                         destructive power... on your home \
                         planet of Alderaan.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          No! Alderaan is peaceful. We have no \
                         weapons. You can't possibly...\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          You would prefer another target? A \
                         military target? Then name the system!\
\
               Tarkin waves menacingly toward Leia.\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          I grow tired of asking this. So it'll \
                         be the last time. Where is the Rebel \
                         base?\
\
               Leia overhears an intercom voice announcing the approach to \
               Alderaan.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                               (softly)\
                         Dantooine.\
\
               Leia lowers her head.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          They're on Dantooine.\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          There. You see Lord Vader, she can \
                         be reasonable.\
                              (addressing Motti)\
                         Continue with the operation. You may \
                         fire when ready.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          What?\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          You're far too trusting. Dantooine \
                         is too remote to make an effective \
                         demonstration. But don't worry. We \
                         will deal with your Rebel friends \
                         soon enough.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          No!\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - BLAST CHAMBER\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          Commence primary ignition.\
\
               A button is pressed which switches on a panel of lights. A \
               hooded Imperial soldier reaches overhead and pulls a lever.  \
               Another lever is pulled. Vader reaches for still another \
               lever and a bank of lights on a panel and wall light up. A \
               huge beam of light emanates from within a cone-shaped area \
               and converges into a single laser beam out toward Alderaan. \
               The small green planet of Alderaan is blown into space dust.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CENTRAL HOLD AREA\

\f1\b0 \
               Ben watches Luke practice the lightsaber with a small "seeker" \
               robot. Ben suddenly turns away and sits down. He falters, \
               seems almost faint.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Are you all right? What's wrong?\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          I felt a great disturbance in the \
                         Force... as if millions of voices \
                         suddenly cried out in terror and \
                         were suddenly silenced. I fear \
                         something terrible has happened.\
\
               Ben rubs his forehead. He seems to drift into a trance. Then \
               he fixes his gaze on Luke.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          You'd better get on with your \
                         exercises.\
\
               Han Solo enters the room.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Well, you can forget your troubles \
                         with those Imperial slugs. I told \
                         you I'd outrun 'em.\
\
               Luke is once again practicing with the lightsaber.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Don't everyone thank me at once.\
\
               Threepio watches Chewbacca and Artoo who are engrossed in a \
               game in which three-dimensional holographic figures move \
               along a chess-type board.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Anyway, we should be at Alderaan \
                         about oh-two-hundred hours.\
\
               Chewbacca and the two robots sit around the lighted table \
               covered with small holographic monsters. Each side of the \
               table has a small computer monitor embedded in it. Chewbacca \
               seems very pleased with himself as he rests his lanky fur- \
               covered arms over his head.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Now be careful, Artoo.\
\
               Artoo immediately reaches up and taps the computer with his \
               stubby claw hand, causing one of the holographic creatures \
               to walk to the new square. A sudden frown crosses Chewbacca's \
               face and he begins yelling gibberish at the tiny robot. \
               Threepio intercedes on behalf of his small companion and \
               begins to argue with the huge Wookiee.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          He made a fair move. Screaming about \
                         it won't help you.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                               (interrupting)\
                         Let him have it. It's not wise to \
                         upset a Wookiee.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          But sir, nobody worries about \
                         upsetting a droid.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          That's 'cause droids don't pull \
                         people's arms out of their socket \
                         when they lose. Wookiees are known \
                         to do that.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          I see your point, sir. I suggest a \
                         new strategy, Artoo. Let the Wookiee \
                         win.\
\
               Luke stands in the middle of the small hold area; he seems \
               frozen in place. A humming lightsaber is held high over his \
               head. Ben watches him from the corner, studying his movements.  \
               Han watches with a bit of smugness.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Remember, a Jedi can feel the Force \
                         flowing through him.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          You mean it controls your actions?\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Partially. But it also obeys your \
                         commands.\
\
               Suspended at eye level, about ten feet in front of Luke, a \
               "seeker", a chrome baseball-like robot covered with antennae, \
               hovers slowly in a wide arc. The ball floats to one side of \
               the youth then the other. Suddenly it makes a lightning-swift \
               lunge and stops within a few feet of Luke's face. Luke doesn't \
               move and the ball backs off. It slowly moves behind the boy, \
               then makes another quick lunge, this time emitting a blood \
               red laser beam as it attacks. It hits Luke in the leg causing \
               him to tumble over. Han lets loose with a burst of laughter.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Hokey religions and ancient weapons \
                         are no match for a good blaster at \
                         your side, kid.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          You don't believe in the Force, do \
                         you?\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Kid, I've flown from one side of \
                         this galaxy to the other. I've seen \
                         a lot of strange stuff, but I've \
                         never seen anything to make me believe \
                         there's one all-powerful force \
                         controlling everything. There's no \
                         mystical energy field that controls \
                         my destiny.\
\
               Ben smiles quietly.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          It's all a lot of simple tricks and \
                         nonsense.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          I suggest you try it again, Luke.\
\
               Ben places a large helmet on Luke's head which covers his \
               eyes.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          This time, let go your conscious \
                         self and act on instinct.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (laughing)\
                         With the blast shield down, I can't \
                         even see. How am I supposed to fight?\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Your eyes can deceive you. Don't \
                         trust them.\
\
               Han skeptically shakes his head as Ben throws the seeker \
               into the air. The ball shoots straight up in the air, then \
               drops like a rock. Luke swings the lightsaber around blindly \
               missing the seeker, which fires off a laserbolt which hits \
               Luke square on the seat of the pants. He lets out a painful \
               yell and attempts to hit the seeker.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Stretch out with your feelings.\
\
               Luke stands in one place, seemingly frozen. The seeker makes \
               a dive at Luke and, incredibly, he managed to deflect the \
               bolt. The ball ceases fire and moves back to its original \
               position.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          You see, you can do it.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          I call it luck.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          In my experience, there's no such \
                         thing as luck.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Look, going good against remotes is \
                         one thing. Going good against the \
                         living? That's something else.\
\
               Solo notices a small light flashing on the far side of the \
               control panel.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Looks like we're coming up on \
                         Alderaan.\
\
               Han and Chewbacca head back to the cockpit.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          You know, I did feel something. I \
                         could almost see the remote.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          That's good. You have taken your \
                         first step into a larger world.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - CONFERENCE ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Imperial Officer Cass stands before Governor Tarkin and the \
               evil Dark Lord Darth Vader.\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          Yes.\
\

\f0\b                                      OFFICER CASS\

\f1\b0                          Our scout ships have reached \
                         Dantooine. They found the remains of \
                         a Rebel base, but they estimate that \
                         it has been deserted for some time. \
                         They are now conducting an extensive \
                         search of the surrounding systems.\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          She lied! She lied to us!\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          I told you she would never consciously \
                         betray the Rebellion.\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          Terminate her... immediately!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. HYPERSPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               The pirateship is just coming out of hyperspace; a strange \
               surreal light show surrounds the ship.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Stand by, Chewie, here we go. Cut in \
                         the sublight engines.\
\
               Han pulls back on a control lever. Outside the cockpit window \
               stars begin streaking past, seem to decrease in speed, then \
               stop. Suddenly the starship begins to shudder and violently \
               shake about. Asteroids begin to race toward them, battering \
               the sides of the ship.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          What the...? Aw, we've come out of \
                         hyperspace into a meteor shower. \
                         Some kind of asteroid collision. \
                         It's not on any of the charts.\
\
               The Wookiee flips off several controls and seems very cool \
               in the emergency. Luke makes his way into the bouncing \
               cockpit.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          What's going on?\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Our position is correct, except... \
                         no, Alderaan!\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          What do you mean? Where is it?\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Thats what I'm trying to tell you, \
                         kid. It ain't there. It's been totally \
                         blown away.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          What? How?\
\
               Ben moves into the cockpit behind Luke as the ship begins to \
               settle down.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Destroyed... by the Empire!\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          The entire starfleet couldn't destroy \
                         the whole planet. It'd take a thousand \
                         ships with more fire power than \
                         I've...\
\
               A signal starts flashing on the control panel and a muffled \
               alarm starts humming.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          There's another ship coming in.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Maybe they know what happened.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          It's an Imperial fighter.\
\
               Chewbacca barks his concern. A huge explosion bursts outside \
               the cockpit window, shaking the ship violently. A tiny, finned \
               Imperial TIE fighter races past the cockpit window.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          It followed us!\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          No. It's a short range fighter.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          There aren't any bases around here. \
                         Where did it come from?\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               The fighter races past the Corellian pirateship.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          It sure is leaving in a big hurry. \
                         If they identify us, we're in big \
                         trouble.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Not if I can help it. Chewie...jam \
                         it's transmissions.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          It'd be as well to let it go. It's \
                         too far out of range.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Not for long...\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               The pirateship zooms over the camera and away into the \
               vastness of space after the Imperial TIE fighter.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               The tension mounts as the pirateship gains on the tiny \
               fighter. In the distance, one of the stars becomes brighter \
               until it is obvious that the TIE ship is heading for it. Ben \
               stands behind Chewbacca.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          A fighter that size couldn't get \
                         this deep into space on its own.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          It must have gotten lost, been part \
                         of a convoy or something.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Well, he ain't going to be around \
                         long enough to tell anyone about us.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               The TIE fighter is losing ground to the larger pirateship as \
               they race toward camera and disappear over head.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               The distant star can be distinguished as a small moon or \
               planet.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Look at him. He's headed for that \
                         small moon.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          I think I can get him before he gets \
                         there... he's almost in range.\
\
               The small moon begins to take on the appearance of a monstrous \
               spherical battle station.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          That's no moon! It's a space station.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          It's too big to be a space station.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I have a very bad feeling about this.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Yeah, I think your right. Full \
                         reverse! Chewie, lock in the auxiliary \
                         power.\
\
               The pirateship shudders and the TIE fighter accelerates away \
               toward the gargantuan battle station.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Why are we still moving towards it?\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          We're caught in a tractor beam! It's \
                         pulling us in!\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          But there's gotta be something you \
                         can do!\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          There's nothin' I can do about it, \
                         kid. I'm in full power. I'm going to \
                         have to shut down. But they're not \
                         going to get me without a fight!\
\
               Ben Kenobi puts a hand on his shoulder.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          You can't win. But there are \
                         alternatives to fighting.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               As the battered pirate starship is towed closer to the awesome \
               metal moon, the immense size of the massive battle station \
               becomes staggering. Running along the equator of the gigantic \
               sphere is a mile-high band of huge docking ports into which \
               the helpless pirateship is dragged.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. DEATH STAR - HUGE PORT DOORS\

\f1\b0 \
               The helpless Millennium Falcon is pulled past a docking port \
               control room and huge laser turret cannons.\
\

\f0\b                VOICE OVER DEATH STAR INTERCOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Clear Bay twenty-three-seven. We are opening the magnetic \
               field.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - DOCKING BAY 2037\

\f1\b0 \
               The pirateship is pulled in through port doors of the Death \
               Star, coming to rest in a huge hangar. Thirty stormtroopers \
               stand at attention in a central assembly area.\
\

\f0\b                                      OFFICER\

\f1\b0                          To you stations!\
                              (to another officer)\
                         Come with me.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Stormtroopers run to their posts.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - HANGAR 2037\

\f1\b0 \
               A line of stormtroopers march toward the pirateship in \
               readiness to board it, while other troopers stand with weapons \
               ready to fire.\
\

\f0\b                                      OFFICER\

\f1\b0                          Close all outboard shields! Close \
                         all outboard shields!\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - CONFERENCE ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Tarkin pushes a button and responds to the intercom buzz.\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          Yes.\
\

\f0\b                                      VOICE\

\f1\b0                               (over intercom)\
                         We've captured a freighter entering \
                         the remains of the Alderaan system. \
                         It's markings match those of a ship \
                         that blasted its way out of Mos \
                         Eisley.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          They must be trying to return the \
                         stolen plans to the princess. She \
                         may yet be of some use to us.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - DOCKING BAY 2037\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader and a commander approach the troops as an Officer and \
               several heavily armed troops exit the spacecraft.\
\

\f0\b                                      VOICE\

\f1\b0                               (over intercom)\
                         Unlock one-five-seven and nine. \
                         Release charges.\
\

\f0\b                                      OFFICER\

\f1\b0                               (to Vader)\
                         There's no one on board, sir. \
                         According to the log, the crew \
                         abandoned ship right after takeoff. \
                         It must be a decoy, sir. Several of \
                         the escape pods have been jettisoned.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          Did you find any droids?\
\

\f0\b                                      OFFICER\

\f1\b0                          No, sir. If there were any on board, \
                         they must also have jettisoned.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          Send a scanning crew on board. I \
                         want every part of this ship checked.\
\

\f0\b                                      OFFICER\

\f1\b0                          Yes, sir.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          I sense something... a presence I \
                         haven't felt since...\
\
               Vader turns quickly and exits the hangar.\
\

\f0\b                                      OFFICER\

\f1\b0                          Get me a scanning crew in here on \
                         the double. I want every part of \
                         this ship checked!\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HALLWAY\

\f1\b0 \
               A trooper runs through the hallway heading for the exit. In \
               a few moments all is quiet. The muffled sounds of a distant \
               officer giving orders finally fade. Two floor panels suddenly \
               pop up revealing Han Solo and Luke. Ben Kenobi sticks his \
               head out of a third locker.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Boy, it's lucky you had these \
                         compartments.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          I use them for smuggling. I never \
                         thought I'd be smuggling myself in \
                         them. This is ridiculous. Even if I \
                         could take off, I'd never get past \
                         the tractor beam.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Leave that to me!\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Damn fool. I knew that you were going \
                         to say that!\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Who's the more foolish... the fool \
                         or the fool who follows him?\
\
               Han shakes his head, muttering to himself. Chewbacca agrees.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY\

\f1\b0 \
               The crewmen carry a heavy box on board the ship, past the \
               two stormtroopers guarding either side of the ramp.\
\

\f0\b                                      TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          The ship's all yours. If the scanners \
                         pick up anything, report it \
                         immediately. All right, let's go.\
\
               The crewmen enter the pirateship and a loud crashing sound \
               is followed by a voice calling to the guard below.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN'S VOICE\

\f1\b0                          Hey down there, could you give us a \
                         hand with this?\
\
               The stormtroopers enter the ship and a quick round of gunfire \
               is heard.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - FORWARD BAY - COMMAND OFFICE\

\f1\b0 \
               In a very small command office near the entrance to the \
               pirateship, a Gantry Officer looks out his window and notices \
               the guards are missing. He speaks into the comlink.\
\

\f0\b                                      GANTRY OFFICER\

\f1\b0                          TX-four-one-two. Why aren't you at \
                         your post? TX-four-one-two, do you \
                         copy?\
\
               A stormtrooper comes down the ramp of the pirateship and \
               waves to the gantry officer, pointing to his ear indicating \
               his comlink is not working. The gantry officer shakes his \
               head in disgust and heads for the door, giving his aide an \
               annoyed look.\
\

\f0\b                                      GANTRY OFFICER\

\f1\b0                          Take over. We've got a bad \
                         transmitter. I'll see what I can do.\
\
               As the officer approaches the door, it slides open revealing \
               the towering Chewbacca. The gantry officer, in a momentary \
               state of shock, stumbles backward. With a bone- chilling \
               howl, the giant Wookiee flattens the officer with one blow. \
               The aide immediately reaches for his pistol, but is blasted \
               by Han, dressed as an Imperial stormtrooper. Ben and the \
               robots enter the room quickly followed by Luke, also dressed \
               as a stormtrooper. Luke quickly removes his helmet.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          You know, between his howling and \
                         your blasting everything in sight, \
                         it's a wonder the whole station \
                         doesn't know we're here.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Bring them on! I prefer a straight \
                         fight to all this sneaking around.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          We found the computer outlet, sir.\
\
               Ben feeds some information into the computer and a map of \
               the city appears on the monitor. He begins to inspect it \
               carefully. Threepio and Artoo look over the control panel.  \
               Artoo finds something that makes him whistle wildly.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Plug in. He should be able to \
                         interpret the entire Imperial computer \
                         network.\
\
               Artoo punches his claw arm into the computer socket and the \
               vast Imperial brain network comes to life, feeding information \
               to the little robot. After a few moments, he beeps something.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          He says he's found the main computer \
                         to power the tractor beam that's \
                         holding the ship here. He'll try to \
                         make the precise location appear on \
                         the monitor.\
\
               The computer monitor flashes readouts.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          The tractor beam is coupled to the \
                         main reactor in seven locations. A \
                         power loss at one of the terminals \
                         will allow the ship to leave.\
\
               Ben studies the data on the monitor readout.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          I don't think you boys can help. I \
                         must go alone.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Whatever you say. I've done more \
                         that I bargained for on this trip \
                         already.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I want to go with you.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Be patient, Luke. Stay and watch \
                         over the droids.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          But he can...\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          They must be delivered safely or \
                         other star systems will suffer the \
                         same fate as Alderaan. Your destiny \
                         lies along a different path than \
                         mine. The Force will be with you... \
                         always!\
\
               Ben adjusts the lightsaber on his belt and silently steps \
               out of the command office, then disappears down a long grey \
               hallway. Chewbacca barks a comment and Han shakes his head \
               in agreement.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Boy you said it, Chewie.\
\
               Han looks at Luke.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Where did you dig up that old fossil?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Ben is a great man.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Yeah, great at getting us into \
                         trouble.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I didn't hear you give any ideas...\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Well, anything would be better than \
                         just hanging around waiting for him \
                         to pick us up...\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Who do you think...\
\
               Suddenly Artoo begins to whistle and beep a blue streak.  \
               Luke goes over to him.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          What is it?\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          I'm afraid I'm not quite sure, sir. \
                         He says "I found her", and keeps \
                         repeating, "She's here."\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Well, who... who has he found?\
\
               Artoo whistles a frantic reply.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Princess Leia.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          The princess? She's here?\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Princess? What's going on?\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Level five. Detention block A A-twenty-\
                         three. I'm afraid she's scheduled to \
                         be terminated.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Oh, no! We've got to do something.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          What are you talking about?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          The droid belongs to her. She's the \
                         one in the message... We've got to \
                         help her.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Now, look, don't get any funny ideas. \
                         The old man wants us to wait right \
                         here.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          But he didn't know she was here. \
                         Look, will you just find a way back \
                         into the detention block?\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          I'm not going anywhere.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          They're going to execute her. Look, \
                         a few minutes ago you said you didn't \
                         want to just wait here to be captured. \
                         Now all you want to do is stay.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Marching into the detention area is \
                         not what I had in mind.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          But they're going to kill her!\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Better her than me...\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          She's rich.\
\
               Chewbacca growls.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Rich?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Yes. Rich, powerful! Listen, if you \
                         were to rescue her, the reward would \
                         be...\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          What?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Well more wealth that you can imagine.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          I don't know, I can imagine quite a \
                         bit!\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          You'll get it!\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          I better!\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          You will...\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          All right, kid. But you'd better be \
                         right about this.\
\
               Han looks at Chewie, who grunts a short grunt.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          All right.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          What's your plan?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Uh... Threepio, hand me those binders \
                         there will you?\
\
               Luke moves toward Chewbacca with electronic cuffs.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Okay. Now, I'm going to put these on \
                         you.\
\
               Chewie lets out a hideous growl.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Okay. Han, you put these on.\
\
               Luke sheepishly hands the binders to Han.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Don't worry, Chewie. I think I know \
                         what he has in mind.\
\
               The Wookiee has a worried and frightened look on his face as \
               Han binds him with the electronic cuffs.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Master Luke, sir! Pardon me for \
                         asking... but, ah... what should \
                         Artoo and I do if we're discovered \
                         here?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Lock the door!\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          And hope they don't have blasters.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          That isn't very reassuring.\
\
               Luke and Han put on their armored stormtrooper helmets and \
               start off into the giant Imperial Death Star.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - DETENTION AREA - ELEVATOR TUBE\

\f1\b0 \
               Han and Luke try to look inconspicuous in their armored suits \
               as they wait for a vacuum elevator to arrive. Troops, \
               bureaucrats, and robots bustle about, ignoring the trio \
               completely. Only a few give the giant Wookiee a curious \
               glance.\
\
               Finally a small elevator arrives and the trio enters.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I can't see a thing in this helmet.\
\
               A bureaucrat races to get aboard also, but is signaled away \
               by Han. The door to the pod-like vehicle slides closed and \
               the elevator car takes off through a vacuum tube.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN HALLWAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Several Imperial officers walk through the wide main \
               passageway. They pass several stormtroopers and a robot \
               similar to Threepio but with an insect face. At the far end \
               of the hallway, a passing flash of Ben Kenobi appears, then \
               disappears down a small hallway. His appearance is so fleeting \
               that it is hard to tell if he is real or just an illusion. \
               No one in the hallway seems to notice him.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - INTERIOR ELEVATOR - DETENTION SECURITY \
               AREA\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke and Han step forward to exit the elevator, but the door \
               slides open behind them. The giant Wookiee and his two guards \
               enter the old grey security station. Guards and laser gates \
               are everywhere. Han whispers to Luke under his breath.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          This is not going to work.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Why didn't you say so before?\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          I did say so before!\
\

\f0\b                INT. DETENTION AREA\

\f1\b0 \
               Elevator doors open. A tall, grim looking Officer approaches \
               the trio.\
\

\f0\b                                      OFFICER\

\f1\b0                          Where are you taking this... thing?\
\
               Chewie growls a bit at the remark but Han nudges him to shut \
               up.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Prisoner transfer from Block one-one-\
                         three-eight.\
\

\f0\b                                      OFFICER\

\f1\b0                          I wasn't notified. I'll have to clear \
                         it.\
\
               The officer goes back to his console and begins to punch in \
               the information. There are only three other troopers in the \
               area. Luke and Han survey the situation, checking all of the \
               alarms, laser gates, and camera eyes. Han unfastens one of \
               Chewbacca's electronic cuffs and shrugs to Luke.\
\
               Suddenly Chewbacca throws up his hands and lets out with one \
               of his ear-piercing howls. He grabs Han's laser rifle.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Look out! He's loose!\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          He's going to pull us all apart.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Go get him!\
\
               The startled guards are momentarily dumbfounded. Luke and \
               Han have already pulled out their laser pistols and are \
               blasting away at the terrifying Wookiee. Their barrage of \
               laserfire misses Chewbacca, but hits the camera eyes, laser \
               gate controls, and the Imperial guards. The officer is the \
               last of the guards to fall under the laserfire just as he is \
               about to push the alarm system. Han rushes to the comlink \
               system, which is screeching questions about what is going \
               on.  He quickly checks the computer readout.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          We've got to find out which cell \
                         this princess of yours is in. Here \
                         it is... cell twenty-one-eight-seven. \
                         You go get her. I'll hold them here.\
\
               Luke races down one of the cell corridors. Han speaks into \
               the buzzing comlink.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                               (sounding official)\
                         Everything is under control. Situation \
                         normal.\
\

\f0\b                                      INTERCOM VOICE\

\f1\b0                          What happened?\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                               (getting nervous)\
                         Uh... had a slight weapons \
                         malfunction. But, uh, everything's \
                         perfectly all right now. We're fine. \
                         We're all fine here, now, thank you. \
                         How are you?\
\

\f0\b                                      INTERCOM VOICE\

\f1\b0                          We're sending a squad up.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Uh, uh, negative. We had a reactor \
                         leak here now. Give us a few minutes \
                         to lock it down. Large leak... very \
                         dangerous.\
\

\f0\b                                      INTERCOM VOICE\

\f1\b0                          Who is this? What's your operating \
                         number?\
\
               Han blasts the comlink and it explodes.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Boring conversation anyway.\
                              (yelling down the \
                              hall)\
                         Luke! We're going to have company!\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - CELL ROW\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke stops in front of one of the cells and blasts the door \
               away with a laser pistol. When the smoke clears, Luke sees \
               the dazzling young princess-senator. She had been sleeping \
               and is now looking at him with an uncomprehending look on \
               her face. Luke is stunned by her incredible beauty and stands \
               staring at her with his mouth hanging open.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                               (finally)\
                         Aren't you a little short to be a \
                         stormtrooper?\
\
               Luke takes off his helmet, coming out of it.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          What? Oh... the uniform. I'm Luke \
                         Skywalker. I'm here to rescue you.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          You're who?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I'm here to rescue you. I've got \
                         your R2 unit. I'm here with Ben \
                         Kenobi.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          Ben Kenobi is here! Where is he?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Come on!\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - CONFERENCE ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Darth Vader paces the room as Governor Tarkin sits at the \
               far end of the conference table.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          He is here...\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          Obi-Wan Kenobi! What makes you think \
                         so?\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          A tremor in the Force. The last time \
                         I felt it was in the presence of my \
                         old master.\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          Surely he must be dead by now.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          Don't underestimate the power of the \
                         Force.\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          The Jedi are extinct, their fire has \
                         gone out of the universe. You, my \
                         friend, are all that's left of their \
                         religion.\
\
               There is a quiet buzz on the comlink.\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          Yes.\
\

\f0\b                                      INTERCOM VOICE\

\f1\b0                          Governor Tarkin, we have an emergency \
                         alert in detention block A A-twenty-\
                         three.\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          The princess! Put all sections on \
                         alert!\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          Obi-Wan is here. The Force is with \
                         him.\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          If you're right, he must not be \
                         allowed to escape.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          Escape is not his plan. I must face \
                         him alone.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - DETENTION AREA - HALLWAY\

\f1\b0 \
               An ominous buzzing sound is heard on the other side of the \
               elevator door.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Chewie!\
\
               Chewbacca responds with a growling noise.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Get behind me! Get behind me!\
\
               A series of explosions knock a hole in the elevator door \
               through which several Imperial troops begin to emerge.\
\
               Han and Chewie fire laser pistols at them through the smoke \
               and flame. They turn and run down the cell hallway, meeting \
               up with Luke and Leia rushing toward them.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Can't get out that way.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          Looks like you managed to cut off \
                         our only escape route.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                               (sarcastically)\
                         Maybe you'd like it back in your \
                         cell, Your Highness.\
\
               Luke takes a small comlink transmitter from his belt as they \
               continue to exchange fire with stormtroopers making their \
               way down the corridor.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          See-Threepio! See-Threepio!\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                               (over comlink)\
                         Yes sir?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          We've been cut off! Are there any \
                         other ways out of the cell bay?... \
                         What was that? I didn't copy!\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN BAY GANTRY - CONTROL TOWER\

\f1\b0 \
               Threepio paces the control center as little Artoo beeps and \
               whistles a blue streak. Threepio yells into the small comlink \
               transmitter.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          I said, all systems have been alerted \
                         to your presence, sir. The main \
                         entrance seems to be the only way in \
                         or out; all other information on \
                         your level is restricted.\
\
               Someone begins banging on the door.\
\

\f0\b                                      TROOPER VOICE\

\f1\b0                          Open up in there!\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Oh, no!\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - DETENTION CORRIDOR\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke and Leia crouch together in an alcove for protection as \
               they continue to exchange fire with troops. Han and Chewbacca \
               are barely able to keep the stormtroopers at bay at the far \
               and of the hallway. The laserfire is very intense, and smoke \
               fills the narrow cell corridor.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          There isn't any other way out.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          I can't hold them off forever! Now \
                         what?\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          This is some rescue. When you came \
                         in here, didn't you have a plan for \
                         getting out?\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                               (pointing to Luke)\
                         He's the brains, sweetheart.\
\
               Luke manages a sheepish grin and shrugs his shoulders.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Well, I didn't...\
\
               The princess grabs Luke's gun and fires at a small grate in \
               the wall next to Han, almost frying him.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          What the hell are you doing?\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          Somebody has to save our skins. Into \
                         the garbage chute, wise guy.\
\
               She jumps through the narrow opening as Han and Chewbacca \
               look on in amazement. Chewbacca sniffs the garbage chute and \
               says something.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Get in there you big furry oaf! I \
                         don't care what you smell! Get in \
                         there and don't worry about it.\
\
               Han gives him a kick and the Wookiee disappears into the \
               tiny opening. Luke and Han continue firing as they work their \
               way toward the opening.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Wonderful girl! Either I'm going to \
                         kill her or I'm beginning to like \
                         her. Get in there!\
\
               Luke ducks laserfire as he jumps into the darkness. Han fires \
               off a couple of quick blasts creating a smokey cover, then \
               slides into the chute himself and is gone.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Han tumbles into the large room filled with garbage and muck.  \
               Luke is already stumbling around looking for an exit. He \
               finds a small hatchway and struggles to get it open. It won't \
               budge.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                               (sarcastically)\
                         Oh! The garbage chute was a really \
                         wonderful idea. What an incredible \
                         smell you've discovered! Let's get \
                         out of here! Get away from there...\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          No! wait!\
\
               Han draws his laser pistol and fires at the hatch. The \
               laserbolt ricochets wildly around the small metal room.  \
               Everyone dives for cover in the garbage as the bolt explodes \
               almost on top of them. Leia climbs out of the garbage with a \
               rather grim look on her face.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Will you forget it? I already tried \
                         it. It's magnetically sealed!\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          Put that thing away! You're going to \
                         get us all killed.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Absolutely, Your Worship. Look, I \
                         had everything under control until \
                         you led us down here. You know, it's \
                         not going to take them long to figure \
                         out what happened to us.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          It could be worse...\
\
               A loud, horrible, inhuman moan works its way up from the \
               murky depths. Chewbacca lets out a terrified howl and begins \
               to back away. Han and Luke stand fast with their laser pistols \
               drawn. The Wookiee is cowering near one of the walls.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          It's worse.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          There's something alive in here!\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          That's your imagination.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Something just moves past my leg! \
                         Look! Did you see that?\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          What?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Help!\
\
               Suddenly Luke is yanked under the garbage.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Luke! Luke! Luke!\
\
               Solo tries to get to Luke. Luke surfaces with a gasp of air \
               and thrashing of limbs. A membrane tentacle is wrapped around \
               his throat.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          Luke!\
\
               Leia extends a long pipe toward him.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          Luke, Luke, grab a hold of this.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Blast it, will you! My gun's jammed.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Where?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Anywhere! Oh!!\
\
               Solo fires his gun downward. Luke is pulled back into the \
               muck by the slimy tentacle.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Luke! Luke!\
\
               Suddenly the walls of the garbage receptacle shudder and \
               move in a couple of inches. Then everything is deathly quiet.  \
               Han and Leia give each other a worried look as Chewbacca \
               howls in the corner. With a rush of bubbles and muck Luke \
               suddenly bobs to the surface.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          Grab him!\
\
               Luke seems to be released by the thing.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          What happened?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I don't know, it just let go of me \
                         and disappeared...\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          I've got a very bad feeling about \
                         this.\
\
               Before anyone can say anything the walls begin to rumble and \
               edge toward the Rebels.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          The walls are moving!\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          Don't just stand there. Try to brace \
                         it with something.\
\
               They place poles and long metal beams between the closing \
               walls, but they are simply snapped and bent as the giant \
               trashmasher rumbles on. The situation doesn't look too good.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Wait a minute!\
\
               Luke pulls out his comlink.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Threepio! Come in Threepio! Threepio! \
                         Where could he be?\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN GANTRY - COMMAND OFFICE\

\f1\b0 \
               A soft buzzer and the muted voice of Luke calling out for \
               See-Threepio can be heard on Threepio's hand comlink, which \
               is sitting on the deserted computer console. Artoo and \
               Threepio are nowhere in sight. Suddenly there is a great \
               explosion and the door of the control tower flies across the \
               floor. Four armed stormtroopers enter the chamber.\
\

\f0\b                                      FIRST TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          Take over!\
                              (pointing to the dead \
                              officer)\
                         See to him! Look there!\
\
               A trooper pushes a button and the supply cabinet door slides \
               open. See-Threepio and Artoo-Detoo are inside. Artoo follows \
               his bronze companion out into the office.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          They're madmen! They're heading for \
                         the prison level. If you hurry, you \
                         might catch them.\
\

\f0\b                                      FIRST OFFICER\

\f1\b0                               (to his troops)\
                         Follow me! You stand guard.\
\
               The troops hustle off down the hallway, leaving a guard to \
               watch over the command office.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                               (to Artoo)\
                         Come on!\
\
               The guard aims a blaster at them.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Oh! All this excitement has overrun \
                         the circuits of my counterpart here. \
                         If you don't mind, I'd like to take \
                         him down to maintenance.\
\

\f0\b                                      TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          All right.\
\
               The guard nods and Threepio, with little Artoo in tow, hurries \
               out the door.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               As the walls rumble closed, the room gets smaller and smaller.  \
               Chewie is whining and trying to hold a wall back with his \
               giant paws.\
\
               Han is leaning back against the other wall. Garbage is \
               snapping and popping. Luke is trying to reach Threepio.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Threepio! Come in, Threepio! Threepio!\
\
               Han and Leia try to brace the contracting walls with a pole. \
               Leia begins to sink into the trash.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Get to the top!\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          I can't\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Where could he be? Threepio! Threepio, \
                         will you come in?\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          They aren't here! Something must \
                         have happened to them. See if they've \
                         been captured.\
\
               Little Artoo carefully plugs his claw arm into a new wall \
               socket and a complex array of electronic sounds spew from \
               the tiny robot.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Hurry!\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               The walls are only feet apart. Leia and Han are braced against \
               the walls. The princess is frightened. They look at each \
               other. Leia reaches out and takes Han's hand and she holds \
               it tightly. She's terrified and suddenly groans as she feels \
               the first crushing pressure against her body.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          One thing's for sure. We're all going \
                         to be a lot thinner!\
                              (to Leia)\
                         Get on top of it!\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          I'm trying!\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                               (to Artoo)\
                         Thank goodness, they haven't found \
                         them! Where could they be?\
\
               Artoo frantically beeps something to See-Threepio.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Use the comlink? Oh, my! I forgot I \
                         turned it off!\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Meanwhile, Luke is lying on his side, trying to keep his \
               head above the rising ooze. Luke's comlink begins to buzz \
               and he rips it off his belt.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL\

\f1\b0 \
               Muffled sounds of Luke's voice over the comlink can be heard, \
               but not distinctly.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Are you there, sir?\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Threepio!\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          We've had some problems...\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (over comlink)\
                         Will you shut up and listen to me? \
                         Shut down all garbage mashers on the \
                         detention level, will you? Do you \
                         copy?\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Shut down all the garbage mashers on \
                         the detention level.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (over comlink)\
                         Shut down all the garbage mashers on \
                         the detention level.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                               (to Artoo)\
                         No. Shut them all down! Hurry!\
\
               Threepio holds his head in agony as he hears the incredible \
               screaming and hollering from Luke's comlink.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Listen to them! They're dying, Artoo! \
                         Curse my metal body! I wasn't fast \
                         enough. It's all my fault! My poor \
                         master!\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (over comlink)\
                         Threepio, we're all right!\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               The screaming and hollering is the sound of joyous relief. \
               The walls have stopped moving. Han, Chewie and Leia embrace \
               in the background.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          We're all right. You did great.\
\
               Luke moves to the pressure sensitive hatch, looking for a \
               number.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Hey... hey, open the pressure \
                         maintenance hatch on unit number... \
                         where are we?\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                               (over comlink)\
                         Three-two-six-eight-two-seven.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - TRACTOR BEAM - POWER GENERATOR TRENCH\

\f1\b0 \
               Ben enters a humming service trench that powers the huge \
               tractor beam. The trench seems to be a hundred miles deep. \
               The clacking sound of huge switching devices can be heard. \
               The old Jedi edges his his way along a narrow ledge leading \
               to a control panel that connects two large cables. He \
               carefully makes several adjustments in the computer terminal, \
               and several lights on the board go from red to blue.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - UNUSED HALLWAY\

\f1\b0 \
               The group exits the garbage room into a dusty, unused hallway.  \
               Han and Luke remove the trooper suits and strap on the blaster \
               belts.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          If we can just avoid any more female \
                         advice, we ought to be able to get \
                         out of here.\
\
               Luke smiles and scratches his head as he takes a blaster \
               from Solo.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Well, let's get moving!\
\
               Chewie begins growling and points to the hatch to the garbage \
               room, as he runs away and then stops howling.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                               (to Chewie)\
                         Where are you going?\
\
               The Dia Nogu bangs against the hatch and a long, slimy \
               tentacle works its way out of the doorway searching for a \
               victim. Han aims his pistol.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          No, wait. They'll hear!\
\
               Han fires at the doorway. The noise of the blast echoes \
               relentlessly throughout the empty passageway. Luke simply \
               shakes his head in disgust.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                               (to Chewie)\
                         Come here, you big coward!\
\
               Chewie shakes his head "no."\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Chewie! Come here!\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          Listen. I don't know who you are, or \
                         where you came from, but from now \
                         on, you do as I tell you. Okay?\
\
               Han is stunned at the command of the petite young girl.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Look, Your Worshipfulness, let's get \
                         one thing straight! I take orders \
                         from one person! Me!\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          It's a wonder you're still alive.\
                              (looking at Chewie)\
                         Will somebody get this big walking \
                         carpet out of my way?\
\
               Han watches her start away. He looks at Luke.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          No reward is worth this.\
\
               They follow her, moving swiftly down the deserted corridor.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - POWER TRENCH\

\f1\b0 \
               Suddenly a door behind Ben slides open and a detachment of \
               stormtroopers marches to the power trench. Ben instantly \
               slips into the shadows as an Officer moves to within a few \
               feet of him.\
\

\f0\b                                      OFFICER\

\f1\b0                          Secure this area until the alert is \
                         canceled.\
\

\f0\b                                      FIRST TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          Give me regular reports.\
\
               All but two of the stormtroopers leave.\
\

\f0\b                                      FIRST TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          Do you know what's going on?\
\

\f0\b                                      SECOND TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          Maybe it's another drill.\
\
               Ben moves around the tractor beam, watching the stormtroopers \
               as they turn their backs to him. Ben gestures with his hand \
               toward them, as the troops think they hear something in the \
               other hallway. With the help of the Force, Ben deftly slips \
               past the troopers and into the main hallway.\
\

\f0\b                                      SECOND TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          What was that?\
\

\f0\b                                      FIRST TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          Oh, it's nothing. Don't worry about \
                         it.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke, Han, Chewbacca, and Leia run down an empty hallway and \
               stop before a bay window overlooking the pirateship. Troopers \
               are milling about the ship. Luke takes out his pocket comlink.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                               (looking at his ship)\
                         There she is.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          See-Threepio, do you copy?\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                               (voice)\
                         For the moment. Uh, we're in the \
                         main hangar across from the ship.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          We're right above you. Stand by.\
\
               Han is watching the dozen or so troops moving in and out of \
               the pirateship. Leia moves towards Han, touches his arm and \
               points out the window to the ship.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          You came in that thing? You're braver \
                         that I thought.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Nice! Come on!\
\
               Han gives her a dirty look, and they start off down the \
               hallway. They round a corner and run right into twenty \
               Imperial stormtroopers heading toward them. Both groups are \
               taken by surprise and stop in their tracks.\
\

\f0\b                                      FIRST TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          It's them! Blast them!\
\
               Before even thinking, Han draws his laser pistol and charges \
               the troops, firing. His blaster knocks one of the \
               stormtroopers into the air. Chewie follows his captain down \
               the corridor, stepping over the fallen trooper on the floor.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                               (to Luke and Leia)\
                         Get back to the ship!\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Where are you going? Come back!\
\
               Han has already rounded a corner and does not hear.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          He certainly has courage.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          What good will it do us if he gets \
                         himself killed? Come on!\
\
               Luke is furious but doesn't have time to think about it for \
               muted alarms begin to go off down on the hangar deck. Luke \
               and Leia start off toward the starship hangar.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - SUBHALLWAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Han chases the stormtroopers down a long subhallway. He is \
               yelling and brandishing his laser pistol. The troops reach a \
               dead end and are forced to turn and fight. Han stops a few \
               feet from them and assumes a defensive position. The troops \
               begin to raise their laser guns. Soon all ten troopers are \
               moving into an attack position in front of the lone \
               starpirate. Han's determined look begins to fade as the troops \
               begin to advance. Solo jumps backward as they fire at him.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - SUBHALLWAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Chewbacca runs down the subhallway in a last-ditch attempt \
               to save his bold captain. Suddenly he hears the firing of \
               laser guns and yelling. Around the corner shoots Han, pirate \
               extraordinaire, running for his life, followed by a host of \
               furious stormtroopers. Chewbacca turns and starts running \
               the other way also.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - SUBHALLWAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke fires his laser pistol wildly as he and Leia rush down \
               a narrow subhallway, chased by several stormtroopers. They \
               quickly reach the end of the subhallway and race through an \
               open hatchway.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - CENTRAL CORE SHAFT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke and Leia race through the hatch onto a narrow bridge \
               that spans a huge, deep shaft that seems to go into infinity. \
               The bridge has been retracted into the wall of the shaft, \
               and Luke almost rushes into the abyss. He loses his balance \
               off the end of the bridge as Leia, behind him, takes hold of \
               his arm and pulls him back.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (gasping)\
                         I think we took a wrong turn.\
\
               Blasts from the stormtroopers' laser guns explode nearby \
               reminding them of the oncoming danger. Luke fires back at \
               the advancing troops. Leia reaches over and hits a switch \
               that pops the hatch door shut with a resounding boom, leaving \
               them precariously perched on a short piece of bridge overhang.  \
               Laserfire from the troopers continues to hit the steel door.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          There's no lock!\
\
               Luke blasts the controls with his laser pistol.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          That oughta hold it for a while.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          Quick, we've got to get across. Find \
                         the control that extends the bridge.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Oh, I think I just blasted it.\
\
               Luke looks at the blasted bridge control while the \
               stormtroopers on the opposite side of the door begin making \
               ominous drilling and pounding sounds.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          They're coming through!\
\
               Luke notices something on his stormtrooper belt, when \
               laserfire hits the wall behind him. Luke aims his laser pistol \
               at a stormtrooper perched on a higher bridge overhang across \
               the abyss from them. They exchange fire. Two more troops \
               appear on another overhang, also firing. A trooper is hit, \
               and grabs at his chest.\
\
               Another trooper standing on the bridge overhang is hit by \
               Luke's laserfire, and plummets down the shaft. Troopers move \
               back off the bridge; Luke hands the gun to Leia.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Here, hold this.\
\
               Luke pulls a thin nylon cable from his trooper utility belt. \
               It has a grappler hook on it. A trooper appears on a bridge \
               overhang and fires at Luke and Leia. As Luke works with the \
               rope, Leia returns the laser volley. Another trooper appears \
               and fires at them, as Leia returns his fire as well.  \
               Suddenly, the hatch door begins to open, revealing the feet \
               of more troops.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          Here they come!\
\
               Leia hits one of the stormtroopers on the bridge above, and \
               he falls into the abyss. Luke tosses the rope across the \
               gorge and it wraps itself around an outcropping of pipes. He \
               tugs on the rope to make sure it is secure, then grabs the \
               princess in his arms. Leia looks at Luke, then kisses him \
               quickly on the lips. Luke is very surprised.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          For luck!\
\
               Luke pushes off and they swing across the treacherous abyss \
               to the corresponding hatchway on the opposite side. Just as \
               Luke and Leia reach the far side of the canyon, the \
               stormtroopers break through the hatch and begin to fire at \
               the escaping duo. Luke returns the fire before ducking into \
               the tiny subhallway.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - NARROW PASSAGEWAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Ben hides in the shadows of the narrow passageway as several \
               stormtroopers rush past him in the main hallway. He checks \
               to make sure they're gone, then runs down the hallway in the \
               opposite direction. Darth Vader appears at the far end of \
               the hallway and starts after the old Jedi.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Threepio looks around at the troops milling about the \
               pirateship entry ramp.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Where could they be?\
\
               Artoo, plugged into the computer socket, turns his dome left \
               and right, beeping a response.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - CORRIDOR - BLAST SHIELDS DOOR\

\f1\b0 \
               Han and Chewbacca run down a long corridor with several \
               troopers hot on their trail.\
\

\f0\b                                      TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          Close the blast doors!\
\
               At the end of the hallway, blast doors begin to close in \
               front of them. The young starpilot and his furry companion \
               race past the huge doors just as they are closing, and manage \
               to get off a couple off laserblasts at the pursuing troops \
               before the doors slam shut.\
\

\f0\b                                      TROOPER\

\f1\b0                          Open the blast doors! Open the blast \
                         doors!\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY LEADING TO MAIN FORWARD BAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Ben hurries along one of the tunnels leading to the hangar \
               where the pirateship waits. Just before he reaches the hangar, \
               Darth Vader steps into view at the end of the tunnel, not \
               ten feet away. Vader lights his saber. Ben also ignites his \
               and steps slowly forward.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          I've been waiting for you, Obi-Wan. \
                         We meet again, at last. The circle \
                         is now complete.\
\
               Ben Kenobi moves with elegant ease into a classical offensive \
               position. The fearsome Dark Knight takes a defensive stance.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          When I left you, I was but the \
                         learner; now I am the master.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          Only a master of evil, Darth.\
\
               The two Galactic warriors stand perfectly still for a few \
               moments, sizing each other up and waiting for the right \
               moment. Ben seems to be under increasing pressure and strain, \
               as if an invisible weight were being placed upon him. He \
               shakes his head and, blinking, tries to clear his eyes.\
\
               Ben makes a sudden lunge at the huge warrior but is checked \
               by a lightning movement of The Sith. A masterful slash stroke \
               by Vader is blocked by the old Jedi. Another of the Jedi's \
               blows is blocked, then countered. Ben moves around the Dark \
               Lord and starts backing into the massive starship hangar. \
               The two powerful warriors stand motionless for a few moments \
               with laser swords locked in mid-air, creating a low buzzing \
               sound.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          Your powers are weak, old man.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN\

\f1\b0                          You can't win, Darth. If you strike \
                         me down, I shall become more powerful \
                         than you can possibly imagine.\
\
               Their lightsabers continue to meet in combat.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Han Solo and Chewbacca, their weapons in hand, lean back \
               against the wall surveying the forward bay, watching the \
               Imperial stormtroopers make their rounds of the hangar.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Didn't we just leave this party?\
\
               Chewbacca growls a reply, as Luke and the princess join them.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          What kept you?\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          We ran into some old friends.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Is the ship all right?\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Seems okay, if we can get to it. \
                         Just hope the old man got the tractor \
                         beam out of commission.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader and Ben Kenobi continue their powerful duel. As they \
               hit their lightsabers together, lightning flashes on impact. \
               Troopers look on in interest as the old Jedi and Dark Lord \
               of The Sith fight. Suddenly Luke spots the battle from his \
               group's vantage point.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Look!\
\
               Luke, Leia, Han, and Chewie look up and see Ben and Vader \
               emerging from the hallways on the far side of the docking \
               bay.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - DOCKING BAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Threepio and Artoo-Detoo are in the center of the Death Star's \
               Imperial docking bay.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Come on, Artoo, we're going!\
\
               Threepio ducks out of sight as the seven stormtroopers who \
               were guarding the starship rush past them heading towards \
               Ben and The Sith Knight. He pulls on Artoo.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Solo, Chewie, Luke, and Leia tensely watch the duel. The \
               troops rush toward the battling knights.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Now's our chance! Go!\
\
               They start for the Millennium Falcon. Ben sees the troops \
               charging toward him and realizes that he is trapped. Vader \
               takes advantage of Ben's momentary distraction and brings \
               his mighty lightsaber down on the old man. Ben manages to \
               deflect the blow and swiftly turns around.\
\
               The old Jedi Knight looks over his shoulder at Luke, lifts \
               his sword from Vader's then watches his opponent with a serene \
               look on his face.\
\
               Vader brings his sword down, cutting old Ben in half. Ben's \
               cloak falls to the floor in two parts, but Ben is not in it.  \
               Vader is puzzled at Ben's disappearance and pokes at the \
               empty cloak. As the guards are distracted, the adventurers \
               and the robots reach the starship. Luke sees Ben cut in two \
               and starts for him. Aghast, he yells out.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          No!\
\
               The stormtroopers turn toward Luke and begin firing at him.  \
               The robots are already moving up the ramp into the Millennium \
               Falcon, while Luke, transfixed by anger and awe, returns \
               their fire. Solo joins in the laserfire. Vader looks up and \
               advances toward them, as one of his troopers is struck down.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                               (to Luke)\
                         Come on!\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          Come on! Luke, its too late!\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Blast the door! Kid!\
\
               Luke fires his pistol at the door control panel, and it \
               explodes. The door begins to slide shut. Three troopers charge \
               forward firing laser bolts, as the door slides to a close \
               behind them, shutting Vader and the other troops out of the \
               docking bay. A stormtrooper lies dead at the feet of his \
               onrushing compatriots. Luke starts for the advancing troops, \
               as Solo and Leia move up the ramp into the pirateship. He \
               fires, hitting a stormtrooper, who crumbles to the floor.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN'S VOICE\

\f1\b0                          Run, Luke! Run!\
\
               Luke looks around to see where the voice came from. He turns \
               toward the pirateship, ducking Imperial gunfire from the \
               troopers and races into the ship.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Han pulls back on the controls and the ship begins to move. \
               The dull thud of laser bolts bouncing off the outside of the \
               ship as Chewie adjusts his controls.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          I hope the old man got that tractor \
                         beam out if commission, or this is \
                         going to be a real short trip. Okay, \
                         hit it!\
\
               Chewbacca growls in agreement.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON\

\f1\b0 \
               The Millennium Falcon powers away from the Death Star docking \
               bay, makes a spectacular turn and disappears into the vastness \
               of space.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CENTRAL HOLD AREA\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke, saddened by the loss of Obi-Wan Kenobi, stares off \
               blankly as the robots look on. Leia puts a blanket around \
               him protectively, and Luke turns and looks up at her. She \
               sits down beside him.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Solo spots approaching enemy ships.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                               (to Chewie)\
                         We're coming up on the sentry ships. \
                         Hold 'em off! Angle the deflector \
                         shields while I charge up the main \
                         guns!\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CENTRAL HOLD AREA\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke looks downward sadly, shaking his head back and forth, \
               as the princess smiles comfortingly at him.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I can't believe he's gone.\
\
               Artoo-Detoo beeps a reply.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          There wasn't anything you could have \
                         done.\
\
               Han rushes into the hold area where Luke is sitting with the \
               princess.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                               (to Luke)\
                         Come on, buddy, we're not out of \
                         this yet!\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Solo climbs into his attack position in the topside gunport.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD AREA\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke gets up and moves out toward the gunports as Leia heads \
               for the cockpit.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke climbs down the ladder into the gunport cockpit, settling \
               into one of the two main laser cannons mounted in large \
               rotating turrets on either side of the ship.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - SOLO'S GUNPORT\

\f1\b0 \
               Han adjusts his headset as he sits before the controls of \
               his laser cannon, then speaks into the attached microphone.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                               (to Luke)\
                         You in, kid? Okay, stay sharp!\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Chewbacca and Princess Leia search the heavens for attacking \
               TIE fighters. The Wookiee pulls back on the speed controls \
               as the ship bounces slightly.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - SOLO'S GUNPORT - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Computer graphic readouts form on Solo's target screen, as \
               Han reaches for controls.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORT - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke sits in readiness for the attack, his hand on the laser \
               cannon's control button.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT.\

\f1\b0 \
               Chewbacca spots the enemy ships and barks.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                               (into intercom)\
                         Here they come!\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - POV (POINT OF VIEW) - \
               SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               The Imperial TIE fighters move towards the Millennium Falcon, \
               one each veering off to the left and right of the pirateship.\
\

\f0\b                INT. TIE FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               The stars whip past behind the Imperial pilot as he adjusts \
               his maneuvering joy stick.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - IN SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               The TIE fighter races past the Falcon, firing laser beams as \
               it passes.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD AREA\

\f1\b0 \
               Threepio is seated in the hold area, next to Artoo-Detoo. \
               The pirateship bounces and vibrates as the power goes out in \
               the room and then comes back on.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - GUNPORTS\

\f1\b0 \
               A TIE fighter maneuvers in front of Han, who follows it and \
               fires at it with the laser cannon. Luke does likewise, as \
               the fighter streaks into view. The ship has suffered a minor \
               hit, and bounces slightly.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               Two TIE fighters dive down toward the pirateship.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke fires at an unseen fighter.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          They're coming in too fast!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON/TIE FIGHTERS\

\f1\b0 \
               Pan with pirateship as two TIE fighters charge through the \
               background. Laserbolts streak from all the craft.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CHEWBACCA\

\f1\b0 \
               The ship shudders as a laserbolt hits very close to the \
               cockpit. The Wookiee chatters something to Leia.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TIE FIGHTER - SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               Full shot of a TIE fighter as it moves fast through the frame, \
               firing on the pirate starship.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE - TIE FIGHTERS\

\f1\b0 \
               The two TIE fighters fire a barrage of laserbeams at the \
               pirateship.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - MAIN PASSAGEWAY\

\f1\b0 \
               A laserbolt streaks into the side of the pirateship. The \
               ship lurches violently, throwing poor Threepio into a cabinet \
               fill of small computer chips.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Oooh!\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - GUNPORTS\

\f1\b0 \
               Leia watches the computer readout as Chewbacca manipulates \
               the ship's controls.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          We've lost lateral controls.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Don't worry, she'll hold together.\
\
               An enemy laserbolt hits the pirateship's control panel, \
               causing it to blow out in a shower of sparks.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                               (to ship)\
                         You hear me, baby? Hold together!\
\
               Artoo-Detoo advances toward the smoking sparking control \
               panel, dousing the inferno by spraying it with fire retardant \
               beeping all the while.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke swivels in his gun mount, following the TIE fighter \
               with his laser cannon.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORT\

\f1\b0 \
               Solo aims his laser cannon at the enemy fighter.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               A TIE fighter streaks in front of the starship.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Leia watches the TIE fighter ship fly over.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               A TIE fighter heads right for the pirateship, then zooms \
               overhead.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke follows the TIE fighter across his field of view, firing \
               laserbeams from his cannon.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. TIE FIGHTER\

\f1\b0 \
               A TIE fighter dives past the pirateship.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke fires at a TIE fighter. At his port, Han follows a \
               fighter in his sights, releasing a blast of laserfire. He \
               connects, and the fighter explodes into fiery dust. Han laughs \
               victoriously.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               Two TIE fighters move toward and over the Millennium Falcon, \
               unleashing a barrage of laserbolts at the ship.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS\

\f1\b0 \
               Another TIE fighter moves in on the pirateship and Luke, \
               smiling, fires the laser cannon at it, scoring a spectacular \
               direct hit.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Got him! I got him!\
\
               Han turns and gives Luke a victory wave which Luke gleefully \
               returns.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Great kid! Don't get cocky.\
\
               Han turns back to his laser cannon.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               Two more TIE fighters cross in front of the pirateship.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               While Chewbacca manipulates the controls, Leia turns, looking \
               over her shoulder out the ports.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          There are still two more of them out \
                         there!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               A TIE fighter moves up over the pirateship, firing laserblasts \
               at it.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke and Han look into their respective projected target \
               screens. An Imperial fighter crosses Solo's port, and Han \
               swivels in his chair, following it with blasts from his laser \
               cannon. Another fighter crosses Luke's port, and he reacts \
               in a like manner, the glow of his target screen lighting his \
               face.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               The TIE fighter zooms toward the pirateship, firing \
               destructive blasts at it.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke fires a laserblast at the approaching enemy fighter, \
               and it bursts into a spectacular explosion. Luke's projected \
               screen gives a readout of the hit. The pirateship bounces \
               slightly as it is struck by the enemy fire.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE - TIE FIGHTER\

\f1\b0 \
               The last of the attacking Imperial TIE fighters looms in, \
               firing upon the Falcon.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORT\

\f1\b0 \
               Solo swivels behind his cannon, his aim describing the arc \
               of the TIE fighter. The fighter comes closer, firing at the \
               pirateship, but a well-aimed blast from Solo's laser cannon \
               hits the attacker, which blows up in a small atomic shower \
               of burning fragments.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (laughing)\
                         That's it! We did it!\
\
               The princess jumps up and gives Chewie a congratulatory hug.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          We did it!\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - PASSAGEWAY\

\f1\b0 \
               Threepio lies on the floor of the ship, completely tangled \
               in the smoking, sparking wires.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Help! I think I'm melting!\
                              (to Artoo)\
                         This is all your fault.\
\
               Artoo turns his dome from side to side, beeping in response.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON\

\f1\b0 \
               The victorious Millennium Falcon moves off majestically \
               through space.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Darth Vader strides into the control room, where Tarkin is \
               watching the huge view screen. A sea of stars is before him.\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          Are they away?\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          They have just made the jump into \
                         hyperspace.\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          You're sure the homing beacon is \
                         secure aboard their ship? I'm taking \
                         an awful risk, Vader. This had better \
                         work.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Han, removes his gloves and smiling, is at the controls of \
               the ship. Chewie moves into the aft section to check the \
               damage. Leia is seated near Han.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Not a bad bit of rescuing, huh? You \
                         know, sometimes I even amaze myself.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          That doesn't sound too hard. Besides, \
                         they let us go. It's the only \
                         explanation for the ease of our \
                         escape.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Easy... you call that easy?\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          Their tracking us!\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Not this ship, sister.\
\
               Frustrated, Leia shakes her head.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          At least the information in Artoo is \
                         still intact.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          What's so important? What's he \
                         carrying?\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          The technical readouts of that battle \
                         station. I only hope that when the \
                         data is analyzed, a weakness can be \
                         found. It's not over yet!\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          It is for me, sister! Look, I ain't \
                         in this for your revolution, and I'm \
                         not in it for you, Princess. I expect \
                         to be well paid. I'm in it for the \
                         money!\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          You needn't worry about your reward. \
                         If money is all that you love, then \
                         that's what you'll receive!\
\
               She angrily turns, and as she starts out of the cockpit, \
               passes Luke coming in.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          Your friend is quite a mercenary. I \
                         wonder if he really cares about \
                         anything... or anyone.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I care!\
\
               Luke, shaking his head, sits in the copilot seat. He and Han \
               stare out at the vast blackness of space.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          So... what do you think of her, Han?\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          I'm trying not to, kid!\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (under his breath)\
                         Good...\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Still, she's got a lot of spirit. I \
                         don't know, what do you think? Do \
                         you think a princess and a guy like \
                         me...\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          No!\
\
               Luke says it with finality and looks away. Han smiles at \
               young Luke's jealousy.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND FOURTH MOON OF YAVIN\

\f1\b0 \
               The battered pirateship drifts into orbit around the planet \
               Yavin and proceeds to one of its tiny green moons.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. FOURTH MOON OF YAVIN\

\f1\b0 \
               The pirateship soars over the dense jungle.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. MASSASSI OUTPOST\

\f1\b0 \
               An alert guard, his laser gun in hand, scans the countryside.  \
               He sets the gun down and looks toward the temple, barely \
               visible in the foliage.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - JUNGLE TEMPLE\

\f1\b0 \
               Rotting in a forest of gargantuan trees, an ancient temple \
               lies shrouded in an eerie mist. The air is heavy with the \
               fantastic cries of unimaginable creatures. Han, Luke and the \
               others are greeted by the Rebel troops.\
\
               Luke and the group ride into the massive temple on an armored \
               military speeder.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI - MAIN HANGAR DECK\

\f1\b0 \
               The military speeder stops in a huge spaceship hangar, set \
               up in the interior of the crumbling temple. Willard, the \
               commander of the Rebel forces, rushes up to the group and \
               gives Leia a big hug. Every one is pleased to see her.\
\

\f0\b                                      WILLARD\

\f1\b0                               (holding Leia)\
                         You're safe! We had feared the worst.\
\
               Willard composes himself, steps back and bows formally.\
\

\f0\b                                      WILLARD\

\f1\b0                          When we heard about Alderaan, we \
                         were afraid that you were... lost \
                         along with your father.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          We don't have time for our sorrows, \
                         Commander. The battle station has \
                         surely tracked us here.\
                              (looking pointedly to \
                              Han)\
                         It's the only explanation for the \
                         ease of our escape. You must use the \
                         information in this R2 unit to plan \
                         the attack. It is our only hope.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               The surface of the Death Star ominously approaches the red \
               planet Yavin.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Grand Moff Tarkin and Lord Vader are interrupted in their \
               discussion by the buzz of the comlink. Tarkin moves to answer \
               the call.\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          Yes.\
\

\f0\b                DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE\

\f1\b0 \
               We are approaching the planet Yavin. The Rebel base is on a \
               moon on the far side. We are preparing to orbit the planet.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. YAVIN - JUNGLE\

\f1\b0 \
               A lone guard stands in a tower high above the Yavin landscape, \
               surveying the countryside. A mist hangs over the jungle of \
               twisted green.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI - WAR ROOM BRIEFING AREA\

\f1\b0 \
               Dodonna stands before a large electronic wall display. Leia \
               and several other senators are to one side of the giant \
               readout. The low-ceilinged room is filled with starpilots, \
               navigators, and a sprinkling of R2-type robots. Everyone is \
               listening intently to what Dodonna is saying. Han and \
               Chewbacca are standing near the back.\
\

\f0\b                                      DODONNA\

\f1\b0                          The battle station is heavily shielded \
                         and carries a firepower greater than \
                         half the star fleet. It's defenses \
                         are designed around a direct large-\
                         scale assault. A small one-man fighter \
                         should be able to penetrate the outer \
                         defense.\
\
               Gold Leader, a rough looking man in his early thirties, stands \
               and addresses Dodonna.\
\

\f0\b                                      GOLD LEADER\

\f1\b0                          Pardon me for asking, sir, but what \
                         good are snub fighters going to be \
                         against that?\
\

\f0\b                                      DODONNA\

\f1\b0                          Well, the Empire doesn't consider a \
                         small one-man fighter to be any \
                         threat, or they'd have a tighter \
                         defense. An analysis of the plans \
                         provided by Princess Leia has \
                         demonstrated a weakness in the battle \
                         station.\
\
               Artoo-Detoo stands next to a similar robot, makes beeping \
               sounds, and turns his head from right to left.\
\

\f0\b                                      DODONNA\

\f1\b0                          The approach will not be easy. You \
                         are required to maneuver straight \
                         down this trench and skim the surface \
                         to this point. The target area is \
                         only two meters wide. It's a small \
                         thermal exhaust port, right below \
                         the main port. The shaft leads \
                         directly to the reactor system. A \
                         precise hit will start a chain \
                         reaction which should destroy the \
                         station.\
\
               A murmer of disbelief runs through the room.\
\

\f0\b                                      DODONNA\

\f1\b0                          Only a precise hit will set up a \
                         chain reaction. The shaft is ray-\
                         shielded, so you'll have to use proton \
                         torpedoes.\
\
               Luke is sitting next to Wedge Antilles, a hotshot pilot about \
               sixteen years old.\
\

\f0\b                                      WEDGE\

\f1\b0                          That's impossible, even for a \
                         computer.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          It's not impossible. I used to bull's-\
                         eye womp rats in my T-sixteen back \
                         home. They're not much bigger than \
                         two meters.\
\

\f0\b                                      DODONNA\

\f1\b0                          Man your ships! And may the Force be \
                         with you!\
\
               The group rises and begins to leave.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               The Death Star begins to move around the planet toward the \
               tiny green moon.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Tarkin and Vader watch the computer projected screen with \
               interest, as a circle of lights intertwines around one another \
               on the screen showing it's position in relation to Yavin and \
               the forth moon.\
\

\f0\b                DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE\

\f1\b0 \
               Orbiting the planet at maximum velocity. The moon with the \
               Rebel base will be in range in thirty minutes.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          This will be a day long remembered. \
                         It has seen the end of Kenobi and it \
                         will soon see the end of the \
                         Rebellion.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - MAIN HANGAR DECK\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke, Threepio and little Artoo enter the huge spaceship \
               hangar and hurry along a long line of gleaming spacefighters.  \
               Flight crews rush around loading last-minute armaments and \
               unlocking power couplings. In an area isolated from this \
               activity Luke finds Han and Chewbacca loading small boxes \
               onto an armored speeder.\
\

\f0\b                                      MAN'S VOICE\

\f1\b0                               (over loudspeaker)\
                         All flight trooper, man your stations. \
                         All flight troops, man your stations.\
\
               Han is deliberately ignoring the activity of the fighter \
               pilots' preparation. Luke is quite saddened at the sight of \
               his friend's departure.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          So... you got your reward and you're \
                         just leaving then?\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          That's right, yeah! I got some old \
                         debts I've got to pay off with this \
                         stuff. Even if I didn't, you don't \
                         think I'd be fool enough to stick \
                         around here, do you? Why don't you \
                         come with us? You're pretty good in \
                         a fight. I could use you.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (getting angry)\
                         Come on! Why don't you take a look \
                         around? You know what's about to \
                         happen, what they're up against. \
                         They could use a good pilot like \
                         you. You're turning your back on \
                         them.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          What good's a reward if you ain't \
                         around to use it? Besides, attacking \
                         that battle station ain't my idea of \
                         courage. It's more like suicide.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          All right. Well, take care of \
                         yourself, Han. I guess that's what \
                         you're best at, isn't it?\
\
               Luke goes off and Han hesitates, then calls to him.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Hey, Luke... may the Force be with \
                         you!\
\
               Luke turns and sees Han wink at him. Luke lifts his hand in \
               a small wave and then goes off.\
\
               Han turns to Chewie who growls at his captain,\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          What're you lookin' at? I know what \
                         I'm doing.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MAIN HANGAR DECK - LUKE'S SHIP\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke, Leia, and Dodonna meet under a huge space fighter.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          What's wrong?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Oh, it's Han! I don't know, I really \
                         thought he'd change his mind.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          He's got to follow his own path. No \
                         one can choose it for him.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I only wish Ben were here.\
\
               Leia gives Luke a little kiss, turns, and goes off. As Luke \
               heads for his ship, another pilot rushes up to him and grabs \
               his arm.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          Luke! I don't believe it! How'd you \
                         get here... are you going out with \
                         us?!\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Biggs! Of course, I'll be up there \
                         with you! Listen, have I got some \
                         stories to tell...\
\
               Red Leader, a rugged handsome man in his forties, comes up \
               behind Luke and Biggs. He has the confident smile of a born \
               leader.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          Are you... Luke Skywalker? Have you \
                         been checked out on the Incom T-sixty-\
                         five?\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          Sir, Luke is the best bushpilot in \
                         the outer rim territories.\
\
               Red Leader pats Luke on the back as they stop in front of \
               his fighter.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          I met your father once when I was \
                         just a boy, he was a great pilot. \
                         You'll do all right. If you've got \
                         half of your father's skill, you'll \
                         do better than all right.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Thank you, sir. I'll try.\
\
               Red Leader hurries to his own ship.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          I've got to get aboard. Listen, you'll \
                         tell me your stories when we come \
                         back. All right?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I told you I'd make it someday, Biggs.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                               (going off)\
                         You did, all right. It's going to be \
                         like old times, Luke. We're a couple \
                         of shooting stars that'll never be \
                         stopped!\
\
               Luke laughs and shakes his head in agreement. He heads for \
               his ship.\
\
               As Luke begins to climb up the ladder into his sleek, deadly \
               spaceship, the crew chief, who is working on the craft, points \
               to little Artoo, who is being hoisted into a socket on the \
               back of the fighter.\
\

\f0\b                                      CHIEF\

\f1\b0                          This R2 unit of your seems a bit \
                         beat up. Do you want a new one?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Not on your life! That little droid \
                         and I have been through a lot \
                         together.\
                              (to Artoo)\
                         You okay, Artoo?\
\
               The crewmen lower Artoo-Detoo into the craft. Now a part of \
               the exterior shell of the starship, the little droid beeps \
               that he is fine.\
\
               Luke climbs up into the cockpit of his fighter and puts an \
               his helmet. Threepio looks on from the floor of the massive \
               hangar as the crewmen secure his little electronic partner \
               into Luke's X-wing. It's an emotional-filled moment as Artoo \
               beeps good-bye.\
\

\f0\b                                      CHIEF\

\f1\b0                          Okay, easy she goes!\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Hang on tight,Artoo, you've got to \
                         come back.\
\
               Artoo beeps in agreement.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          You wouldn't want my life to get \
                         boring, would you?\
\
               Artoo whistles his reply.\
\
               All final preparations are made for the approaching battle.  \
               The hangar is buzzing with the last minute activity as the \
               pilots and crewmen alike make their final adjustments. The \
               hum of activity is occasionally trespassed by the distorted \
               voice of the loudspeaker issuing commands. Coupling hoses \
               are disconnected from the ships as they are fueled. Cockpit \
               shields roll smoothly into place over each pilot. A signalman, \
               holding red guiding lights, directs the ships. Luke, a trace \
               of a smile gracing his lips, peers about through his goggles.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN'S VOICE\

\f1\b0                          Luke, the Force will be with you.\
\
               Luke is confused at the voice and taps his headphones.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - JUNGLE\

\f1\b0 \
               All that can be seen of the fortress is a lone guard standing \
               on a small pedestal jutting out above the dense jungle. The \
               muted gruesome crying sounds that naturally permeate this \
               eerie purgatory are overwhelmed by the thundering din of ion \
               rockets as four silver starships catapult from the foliage \
               in a tight formation and disappears into the morning cloud \
               cover.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               The princess, Threepio, and a field commander sit quietly \
               before the giant display showing the planet Yavin and its \
               four moons. The red dot that represents the Death Star moves \
               ever closer to the system. A series of green dots appear \
               around the fourth moon. A din of indistinct chatter fills \
               the war room.\
\

\f0\b                                      MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICE\

\f1\b0                          Stand-by alert. Death Star \
                         approaching. Estimated time to firing \
                         range, fifteen minutes.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               The Death Star slowly moves behind the massive yellow surface \
               of Yavin in the foreground, as many X-wing fighters flying \
               in formation zoom toward us and out of the frame.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE - ANOTHER ANGLE\

\f1\b0 \
               Light from a distant sun creates an eerie atmospheric glow \
               around a huge planet, Yavin. Rebel fighters flying in \
               formation settle ominously in the foreground and very slowly \
               pull away.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER STARSHIP - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Red Leader lowers his visor and adjusts his gun sights, \
               looking to each side at his wing men.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          All wings report in.\
\

\f0\b                INT. ANOTHER COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               One of the Rebel fighters checks in through his mike.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED TEN\

\f1\b0                          Red Ten standing by.\
\

\f0\b                INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Biggs checks his fighter's controls, alert and ready for \
               combat.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED SEVEN\

\f1\b0                               (over Biggs' headset)\
                         Red Seven standing by.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          Red Three standing by.\
\

\f0\b                INT. PORKINS' COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      PORKINS\

\f1\b0                          Red Six standing by.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED NINE\

\f1\b0                               (over headset)\
                         Red Nine standing by.\
\

\f0\b                INT. WEDGE'S FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      WEDGE\

\f1\b0                          Red Two standing by.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      RED ELEVEN\

\f1\b0                               (over headset)\
                         Red Eleven standing by.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Red Five standing by.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER\

\f1\b0 \
               Artoo-Detoo, in position outside of the fighter, turns his \
               head from side to side and makes beeping sounds.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER'S FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          Lock S-foils in attack position.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               The group of X-wing fighters move in formation toward the \
               Death Star, unfolding the wings and locking them in the "X" \
               position.\
\

\f0\b                INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      READ LEADER\

\f1\b0                               (over headset)\
                         We're passing through their magnetic \
                         field.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          Hold tight!\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke adjusts his controls as he concentrates on the \
               approaching Death Star. The ship begins to be buffeted \
               slightly.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                               (over headset)\
                         Switch your deflectors on.\
\

\f0\b                INT. ANOTHER COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                               (over headset)\
                         Double front!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               The fighters, now X-shaped darts, move in formation. The \
               Death Star now appears to be a small moon growing rapidly in \
               size as the Rebel fighters approach. Complex patterns on the \
               metallic surface begin to become visible. A large dish antenna \
               is built into the surface on one side.\
\

\f0\b                INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Wedge is amazed and slightly frightened at the awesome \
               spectacle.\
\

\f0\b                                      WEDGE\

\f1\b0                          Look at the size of that thing!\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                               (over headset)\
                         Cut the chatter, Red Two.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          Accelerate to attack speed. This is \
                         it, boys!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               As the fighters move closer to the Death Star, the awesome \
               size of the gargantuan Imperial fortress is revealed. Half \
               of the deadly space station is in shadow and this area \
               sparkles with thousands of small lights running in thin lines \
               and occasionally grouped in large clusters; somewhat like a \
               city at night as seen from a weather satellite.\
\

\f0\b                INT. GOLD LEADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      GOLD LEADER\

\f1\b0                          Red Leader, this is Gold Leader.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                               (over headset)\
                         I copy, Gold Leader.\
\

\f0\b                                      GOLD LEADER\

\f1\b0                          We're starting for the target shaft \
                         now.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Red Leader looks around at his wingmen; the Death Star looming \
               in from behind. Two Y-wing fighters bob back and forth in \
               the background. He moves his computer targeting device into \
               position.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          We're in position. I'm going to cut \
                         across the axis and try and draw \
                         their fire.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               Two squads of Rebel fighters peel off. The X-wings dive \
               towards the Death Star surface. A thousand lights glow across \
               the dark grey expanse of the huge station.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Alarm sirens scream as soldiers scramble to large turbo- \
               powered laser gun emplacements. Electronic drivers rotate \
               the huge guns into position as crew adjust their targeting \
               devices.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Laserbolts streak through the star-filled night. The Rebel X-\
               wing fighters move in toward the Imperial base, as the Death \
               Star aims its massive laser guns at the Rebel forces and \
               fires.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Princess Leia listens to the battle over the intercom.  \
               Threepio is at her side.\
\

\f0\b                                      WEDGE\

\f1\b0                               (over war room speaker \
                              system)\
                         Heavy fire, boss! Twenty-degrees.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         I see it. Stay low.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               An X-wing zooms across the surface of the Death Star.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Technical crews scurry here and there loading last-minute \
               armaments and unlocking power cables.\
\

\f0\b                INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Wedge maneuvers his fighter toward the menacing Death Star.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               X-wings continue in their attack course on the Death Star.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke nosedives radically, starting his attack on the monstrous \
               fortress. The Death Star surface streaks past the cockpit \
               window.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          This is Red Five; I'm going in!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke's X-wing races toward the Death Star. Laserbolts streak \
               from Luke's weapons, creating a huge fireball explosion on \
               the dim surface.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Terror crosses Luke's face as he realizes he won't be able \
               to pull out in time to avoid the fireball.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                               (over headset)\
                         Luke, pull up!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke's ship emerges from the fireball, with the leading edges \
               of his wings slightly scorched.\
\

\f0\b                INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          Are you all right?\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke adjusts his controls and breathes a sigh of relief. \
               Flak bursts outside the cockpit window.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I got a little cooked, but I'm okay.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Rebel fighters continue to strafe the Death Star's surface \
               with laserbolts.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Walls buckle and cave in. Troops and equipment are blown in \
               all directions. Stormtroopers stagger out of the rubble.  \
               Standing in the middle of the chaos, a vision of calm and \
               foreboding, is Darth Vader. One of his Astro-Officers rushes \
               up to him.\
\

\f0\b                                      ASTRO-OFFICER\

\f1\b0                          We count thirty Rebel ships, Lord \
                         Vader. But they're so small they're \
                         evading our turbo-lasers!\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          We'll have to destroy them ship to \
                         ship. Get the crews to their fighters.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Smoke belches from the giant laser guns as they wind up their \
               turbine generators to create sufficient power. The crew rushes \
               about preparing for another blast. Even the troopers head \
               gear is not adequate to protect them from the overwhelming \
               noise of the monstrous weapon. One troopers bangs his helmet \
               with his hand in an attempt to stop the ringing.\
\

\f0\b                INT. READ LEADER'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT - TRAVELING\

\f1\b0 \
               Red Leader flies through a heavy hail of flak.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          Luke, let me know when you're going \
                         in.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELING\

\f1\b0 \
               The Red Leader's X-wing flies past Luke as he puts his nose \
               down and starts his attack dive.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I'm on my way in now...\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          Watch yourself! There's a lot of \
                         fire coming from the right side of \
                         that deflection tower.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I'm on it.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke flings his X-wing into a twisting dive across the horizon \
               and down onto the dim grey surface.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. LUKE'S X-WING TRAVELING\

\f1\b0 \
               A shot hurls from Luke's guns. Laserbolts streak toward the \
               onrushing Death Star surface. Several small radar emplacements \
               erupt in flame. Laserfire erupts from a protruding tower on \
               the surface.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELING\

\f1\b0 \
               The blurry Death Star surface races past the cockpit window \
               as a big smile sweeps across Luke's face at the success of \
               his run. Flak thunders on all sides of him.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               The Death Star superstructure races past Luke as he maneuvers \
               his craft through a wall of laserfire and peels away from \
               the surface towards the heavens.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               The thunder and smoke of the big guns reverberate throughout \
               the massive structure. Many soldiers rush about in the smoke \
               and chaos, silhouetted by the almost continual flash of \
               explosions.\
\

\f0\b                INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT - TRAVELING\

\f1\b0 \
               Biggs dives through a forest of radar domes, antennae, and \
               gun towers as he shoots low across the Death Star surface. A \
               dense barrage of laserfire streaks by on all sides.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Imperial star pilots dash in unison to a line of small \
               auxiliary hatches that lead to Imperial TIE fighters.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Princess Leia, surrounded by her generals and aides, paces \
               nervously before a lighted computer table. On all sides \
               technicians work in front of many lighted glass walls. Dodonna \
               watches quietly from one corner. One of the officers working \
               over a screen speaks into his headset.\
\

\f0\b                                      CONTROL OFFICER\

\f1\b0                          Squad leaders, we've picked up a new \
                         group of signals. Enemy fighters \
                         coming your way.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELING\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke looks around to see if he can spot the approaching \
               Imperial fighters.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          My scope's negative. I don't see \
                         anything.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER'S X-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELING\

\f1\b0 \
               The Death Star's surface sweeps past as Red Leader searches \
               the sky for the Imperial fighters. Flak pounds at his ship.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          Keep up your visual scanning. With \
                         all this jamming, they'll be on top \
                         of you before your scope can pick \
                         them up.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Silhouetted against the rim lights of the Death Star horizon, \
               four ferocious Imperial TIE ships dive on the Rebel fighters.  \
               Two of the TIE fighters peel off and drop out of frame. Pan \
               with the remaining two TIE ships.\
\

\f0\b                INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT - TRAVELING\

\f1\b0 \
               Biggs panics when he discovers a TIE ship on his tail. The \
               horizon in the background twists around as he peels off, \
               hoping to lose the Imperial fighter.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          Biggs! You've picked one up... watch \
                         it!\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          I can't see it! Where is he?!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Biggs zooms off the surface and into space, closely followed \
               by an Imperial TIE fighter. The TIE ship fires several \
               laserbolts at Biggs, but misses.\
\

\f0\b                INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT - TRAVELING\

\f1\b0 \
               Biggs see the TIE ship behind him and swings around, trying \
               to avoid him.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          He's on me tight, I can't shake him... \
                         I can't shake him.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Biggs, flying at high altitude, peels off and dives toward \
               the Death Star surface, but he is unable to lose the TIE \
               fighter, who sticks close to his tail.\
\

\f0\b                INT. X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT - TRAVELING\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke is flying upside down. He rotates his ship around to \
               normal attitude as he comes out of his dive.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Hang on, Biggs, I'm coming in.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Biggs and the tailing TIE ship dive for the surface, now \
               followed by a fast-gaining Luke. After Biggs dives out of \
               sight, Luke chases the Imperial fighter.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               In the foreground, the Imperial fighter races across the \
               Death Star's surface, closely followed by Luke in the \
               background.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT - TRAVELING\

\f1\b0 \
               There is a shot from Luke's X-wing of the TIE ship exploding \
               in a mass of flames.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Got him!\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Darth Vader strides purposefully down a Death Star corridor, \
               flanked by Imperial stormtroopers.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          Several fighters have broken off \
                         from the main group. Come with me!\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               A concerned Princess Leia, Threepio, Dodonna, and other \
               officers of the Rebellion stand around the huge round readout \
               screen, listening to the ship-to-ship communication on the \
               room's loudspeaker.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         Pull in! Luke... pull in!\
\

\f0\b                                      WEDGE\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         Watch your back, Luke!\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      WEDGE\

\f1\b0                               (over headset)\
                         Watch your back! Fighter's above \
                         you, coming in!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke's ship soars away from the Death Star's surface as he \
               spots the tailing TIE fighter.\
\

\f0\b                INT. TIE FIGHTER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               The TIE pilot takes aim at Luke's X-wing.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               The Imperial TIE fighter pilot scores a hit on Luke's ship.  \
               Fire breaks out on the right side of the X-wing.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke looks out of his cockpit at the flames on his ship.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I'm hit, but not bad.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER\

\f1\b0 \
               Smoke pours out from behind Artoo-Detoo.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE'S VOICE\

\f1\b0                          Artoo, see what you can do with it. \
                         Hang on back there.\
\
               Green laserfire moves past the beeping little robot as his \
               head turns.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke nervously works his controls.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                               (over headset)\
                         Red Six...\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               In the war room, Leia stands frozen as she listens and worries \
               about Luke.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         Can you see Red Five?\
\

\f0\b                                      RED TEN\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         There's a heavy fire zone on this \
                         side. Red Five, where are you?\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke spots the TIE fighter behind him and soars away from \
               the Death Star surface.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I can't shake him!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke's ship soars closer to the surface of the Death Star, \
               an Imperial TIE fighter closing in on him in hot pursuit.\
\

\f0\b                INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               The Death Star whips below Wedge.\
\

\f0\b                                      WEDGE\

\f1\b0                          I'm on him, Luke!\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      WEDGE\

\f1\b0                               (over headset)\
                         Hold on!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Wedge dives across the horizon toward Luke and the TIE \
               fighter.\
\

\f0\b                INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Wedge moves his X-wing in rapidly.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke reacts frantically.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Blast it! Wedge where are you?\
\

\f0\b                INT. TIE FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               The fighter pilot watches Wedge's X-wing approach. Another X-\
               wing joins him, and both unleash a volley of laserfire on \
               the Imperial fighter.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               The TIE fighter explodes, filling the screen with white light.  \
               Luke's ship can be seen far in the distance.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke looks about in relief.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Thanks, Wedge.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Leia, Threepio, Dodonna and other Rebel officers are listening \
               to the Rebel Fighter's radio transmissions over the war room \
               intercom.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         Good shooting, Wedge!\
\

\f0\b                                      GOLD LEADER\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         Red Leader...\
\

\f0\b                INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Gold Leader peels off and starts toward the long trenches at \
               the Death Star surface pole.\
\

\f0\b                                      GOLD LEADER\

\f1\b0                          This is Gold Leader. We're starting \
                         out attack run.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Three Y-wing fighters of the Gold group dive out of the stars \
               toward the Death Star surface.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Leia and the others are grouped around the screen, as \
               technicians move about attending to their duties.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         I copy, Gold Leader. Move into \
                         position.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Three Imperial TIE ships in precise formation dive toward \
               the Death Star surface.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Darth Vader calmly adjusts his control stick as the stars \
               whip past in the window above his head.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          Stay in attack formation!\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Technicians are seated at the computer readout table.\
\

\f0\b                                      GOLD LEADER\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         The exhaust post is...\
\

\f0\b                INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      GOLD LEADER\

\f1\b0                          ...marked and locked in!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Gold Leader approaches the surface and pulls out to skim the \
               surface of the huge station. The ship moves into a deep \
               trench, firing laserbolts. The surface streaks past as \
               laserfire is returned by the Death Star.\
\

\f0\b                INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELING\

\f1\b0 \
               Gold Five is a pilot in his early fifties with a very battered \
               helmet that looks like it's been through many battles. He \
               looks around to see if enemy ships are near. His fighter is \
               buffeted by Imperial flak.\
\

\f0\b                INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Gold Leader races down the enormous trench that leads to the \
               exhaust port. Laserbolts blast toward him in increasing \
               numbers, occasionally exploding near the ship causing it to \
               bounce about.\
\

\f0\b                                      GOLD LEADER\

\f1\b0                          Switch power to front deflector \
                         screens.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Three Y-wing skim the Death Star surface deep in the trench, \
               as laserbolts streak past on all sides.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. DEATH STAR SURFACE - GUN EMPLACEMENTS\

\f1\b0 \
               An exterior surface gun blazes away at the oncoming Rebel \
               fighters.\
\

\f0\b                INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      GOLD LEADER\

\f1\b0                          How many guns do you think, Gold \
                         Five.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      GOLD FIVE\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         I'd say about twenty guns. Some on \
                         the surface, some on the towers.\
\
               Leia, Threepio, and the technicians view the projected target \
               screen, as red and blue target lights glow. The red target \
               near the center blinks on and off.\
\

\f0\b                                      MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICE\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         Death Star will be in range in five \
                         minutes.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               The three Y-wing fighters race toward camera and zoom overhead \
               through a hail of laserfire.\
\

\f0\b                INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Gold Leader pulls his computer targeting device down in front \
               of his eye. Laserbolts continue to batter the Rebel craft.\
\

\f0\b                                      GOLD LEADER\

\f1\b0                          Switching to targeting computer.\
\

\f0\b                INT. GOLD TWO'S Y-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Gold Two, a younger pilot about Luke's age, pulls down his \
               targeting eye viewer and adjusts it. His ship shudders under \
               intense laser barrage.\
\

\f0\b                                      GOLD TWO\

\f1\b0                          Computer's locked. Getting a signal.\
\
               As the fighters begin to approach the target area, suddenly \
               all the laserfire stops. An eerie clam clings over the trench \
               as the surface whips past in a blur.\
\

\f0\b                                      GOLD TWO\

\f1\b0                          The guns... they've stopped!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. GOLD FIVE'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Gold Five looks behind him.\
\

\f0\b                                      GOLD FIVE\

\f1\b0                          Stabilize your read deflectors. Watch \
                         for enemy fighters.\
\

\f0\b                INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      GOLD LEADER\

\f1\b0                          They've coming in! Three marks at \
                         two ten.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Three Imperial TIE ships, Darth Vader in the center flanked \
               by two wingmen, dive in precise formation almost vertically \
               toward the Death Star surface.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Darth Vader calmly adjusts his control stick as the stars \
               zoom by.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          I'll take them myself! Cover me!\
\

\f0\b                                      WINGMAN'S VOICE\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         Yes, sir.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Three TIE fighters zoom across the surface of the Death Star.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader lines up Gold Two in his targeting computer. Vader's \
               hands grip the control stick as he presses the button.\
\

\f0\b                INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               The cockpit explodes around Gold Two. His head falls forward.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               As Gold Two's ship explodes, debris is flung out into space.\
\

\f0\b                INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Gold Leader looks over his shoulder at the scene.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCH\

\f1\b0 \
               The three TIE fighters race along in the trench in a tight \
               formation.\
\

\f0\b                INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Gold Leader panics.\
\

\f0\b                                      GOLD LEADER\

\f1\b0                               (into mike)\
                         I can't maneuver!\
\

\f0\b                INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Gold Five, the old veteran, trys to calm Gold Leader.\
\

\f0\b                                      GOLD FIVE\

\f1\b0                          Stay on target.\
\

\f0\b                INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               The Death Star races by outside the cockpit window as he \
               adjusts his targeting device.\
\

\f0\b                                      GOLD LEADER\

\f1\b0                          We're too close.\
\

\f0\b                INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               The older pilot remains calm.\
\

\f0\b                                      GOLD FIVE\

\f1\b0                          Stay on target!\
\

\f0\b                INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Now he's really panicked.\
\

\f0\b                                      GOLD LEADER\

\f1\b0                          Loosen up!\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader calmly adjusts his targeting computer and pushes the \
               fire button.\
\

\f0\b                INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Gold Leader's ship is hit by Vader's laser.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Gold Leader explodes in a ball of flames, throwing debris in \
               all directions.\
\

\f0\b                INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Gold Five moves in on the exhaust port.\
\

\f0\b                                      GOLD FIVE\

\f1\b0                          Gold Five to Red Leader...\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke looks over his shoulder at the action outside of his \
               cockpit.\
\

\f0\b                                      GOLD FIVE\

\f1\b0                               (over headset)\
                         Lost Tiree, lost Dutch.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          I copy, Gold Five.\
\

\f0\b                INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      GOLD FIVE\

\f1\b0                          They came from behind...\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               One of the engines explodes on Gold Five's Y-wing fighter, \
               blazing out of control. He dives past the horizon toward the \
               Death Star's surface, passing a TIE fighter during his \
               descent. Gold Five, a veteran of countless campaigns, spins \
               toward his death.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke looks nervously about him at the explosive battle.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Grant Moff Tarkin and a Chief Officer stand in the Death \
               Star's control room.\
\

\f0\b                                      OFFICER\

\f1\b0                          We've analyzed their attack, sir, \
                         and there is a danger. Should I have \
                         your ship standing by?\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          Evacuate? In out moment of triumph? \
                         I think you overestimate their \
                         chances!\
\
               Tarkin turns to the computer readout screen. Flames move \
               around the green disk at the center of the screen, as numbers \
               read across the bottom.\
\

\f0\b                                      VOICE\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         Rebel base, three minutes and closing.\
\

\f0\b                INT. READ LEADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Red Leader looks over at his wingmen.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          Red Group, this is Red Leader.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Dodonna moves to the intercom as he fiddles with the computer \
               keys.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         Rendezvous at mark six point one.\
\

\f0\b                                      WEDGE\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         This is Red Two. Flying toward you.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         Red Three, standing by.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      DODONNA\

\f1\b0                               (over headset)\
                         Red Leader, this is Base One. Keep \
                         half your group out of range for the \
                         next run.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER'S VOICE\

\f1\b0                               (over headset)\
                         Copy, Base One. Luke, take Red Two \
                         and Three. Hold up here and wait for \
                         my signal... to start your run.\
\
               Luke nods his head.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               The X-wing fighters of Luke, Biggs, and Wedge fly in formation \
               high above the Death Star's surface.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke peers out from his cockpit.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Two X-wings move across the surface of the Death Star. Red \
               Leader's X-wing drops down to the surface leading to the \
               exhaust port.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Red Leader looks around to watch for the TIE fighters. He \
               begins to perspire.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          This is it!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               Red Leader roams down the trench of the Death Star as lasers \
               streak across the black heavens.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. DEATH STAR SURFACE - GUN EMPLACEMENTS\

\f1\b0 \
               A huge remote-control laser cannon fires at the approaching \
               Rebel fighters.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCH\

\f1\b0 \
               The Rebel fighters evade the Imperial laser blasts.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Red Ten looks around for the Imperial fighters.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED TEN\

\f1\b0                          We should be able to see it by now.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCH\

\f1\b0 \
               From the cockpits of the Rebel pilots, the surface of the \
               Death Star streaks by, with Imperial laserfire shooting toward \
               them.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          Keep your eyes open for those \
                         fighters!\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      RED TEN\

\f1\b0                          There's too much interference!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE - DEATH STAR TRENCH\

\f1\b0 \
               Three X-wing fighters move in formation down the Death Star \
               trench.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED TEN'S VOICE\

\f1\b0                          Red Five, can you see them from where \
                         you are?\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke looks down at the Death Star surface below.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          No sign of any... wait!\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Red Ten looks up and sees the Imperial fighters.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (over headset)\
                         Coming in point three five.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED TEN\

\f1\b0                          I see them.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Three TIE fighters, Vader flanked by two wingmen, dive in a \
               tight formation. The sun reflects off their dominate solar \
               fins as they loop toward the Death Star's surface.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Red Leader pulls his targeting device in front of his eyes \
               and makes several adjustments.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          I'm in range.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Red Leader's X-wing moves up the Death Star trench.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          Target's coming up!\
\
               Red Leader looks at his computer target readout screen. He \
               then looks into his targeting device.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          Just hold them off for a few seconds.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader adjusts his control lever and dives on the X-wing \
               fighters.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          Close up formation.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCH\

\f1\b0 \
               The three TIE fighters move in formation across the Death \
               Star surface.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Red Leader lines up his target on the targeting device cross \
               hairs.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader and his wingmen zoom down the trench.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader rapidly approaches the two X-wings of Red Ten and Red \
               Twelve. Vader's laser cannon flashes below the view of the \
               front porthole. the X-wings show in the center of Vader's \
               computer screen.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               Red Twelve's X-wing fighter is hit by Vader's laserfire, and \
               it explodes into flames against the trench.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Red Ten works at his controls furiously, trying to avoid \
               Vader's fighter behind him.\
\
               RED TEN: You'd better let her loose.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Red Leader is concentrating on his targeting device.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          Almost there!\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT.\

\f1\b0 \
               Red Ten panics.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED TEN\

\f1\b0                          I can't hold them!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader and his wingmen whip through the trench in pursuit of \
               the Rebel fighters.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader cooly pushes the fire button on his control stick.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Darth Vader's well-aimed laserfire proves to be unavoidable, \
               and strikes Red Ten's ship. Red Ten screams in anguish and \
               pain.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Red Ten's ship explodes and bursts into flames.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Grimly, Red Leader takes careful aim and watches his computer \
               targeting device, which shows the target lined up in the \
               cross hairs, and fires.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          It's away!\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               An armed Imperial stormtrooper is knocked to the floor from \
               the attack explosion. Other troopers scurrying about the \
               corridors are knocked against the wall and lose their balance.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Leia and the others stare at the computer screen.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED NINE'S VOICE\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         It's a hit!\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         Negative.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Red Leader looks back at the receding Death Star. Tiny \
               explosions are visible in the distance.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          Negative! It didn't go in. It just \
                         impacted on the surface.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR - TIE FIGHTER\

\f1\b0 \
               Darth Vader peels off in pursuit as Red Leader's X-wing passes \
               the Death Star horizon.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader swings his ship around for the next kill.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (over headset)\
                         Red Leader, we're right above you. \
                         Turn to point...\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke tries to spot Red Leader. He looks down at the Death \
               Star surface.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          ...oh-five; we'll cover for you.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                               (over headset)\
                         Stay there...\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               A wary Red Leader looks about nervously.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                          ...I just lost my starboard engine.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke looks excitedly toward Red Leader's X-wing.\
\

\f0\b                                      RED LEADER\

\f1\b0                               (over headset)\
                         Get set to make your attack run.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader's gloved hands make contact with the control sticks, \
               and he presses their firing buttons.\
\

\f0\b                INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Red Leader fights to gain control of his ship.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Laserbolts are flung from Vader's TIE fighter, connecting \
               with Red Leader's Rebel X-wing fighter. Red Leader buys it, \
               creating a tremendous explosion far below. He screams and is \
               destroyed.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke looks out the window of his X-wing at the explosion far \
               below. For the first time, he feels the helplessness of his \
               situation.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Grand Moff Tarkin casts a sinister eye at the computer screen.\
\

\f0\b                                      DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE\

\f1\b0                          Rebel base, one minute and closing.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Dodonna and Princess Leia, with Threepio beside them, listen \
               intently to the talk between the pilots. The room is grim \
               after Red Leader's death. Princess Leia nervously paces the \
               room.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         Biggs, Wedge, let's close it up. \
                         We're going in. We're going in full \
                         throttle.\
\

\f0\b                INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               The horizon twists as Wedge begins to pull out.\
\

\f0\b                                      WEDGE\

\f1\b0                          Right with you, boss.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               The two X-wings peel off against a background of stars and \
               dive toward the Death Star.\
\

\f0\b                INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          Luke, at that speed will you be able \
                         to pull out in time?\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          It'll be just like Beggar's Canyon \
                         back home.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               The three X-wings move in, unleashing a barrage of laserfire.  \
               Laserbolts are returned from the Death Star.\
\

\f0\b                INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke's lifelong friend struggles with his controls.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          We'll stay back far enough to cover \
                         you.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Flak and laserbolts flash outside Luke's cockpit window.\
\

\f0\b                                      WEDGE\

\f1\b0                               (over headset)\
                         My scope shows the tower, but I can't \
                         see the exhaust port! Are you sure \
                         the computer can hit it?\
\

\f0\b                EXT. DEATH STAR - GUN EMPLACEMENTS\

\f1\b0 \
               The Death Star laser cannon slowly rotates as it shoots \
               laserbolts.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke looks around for the Imperial TIE fighters. He thinks \
               for a moment and then moves his targeting device into \
               position.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Watch yourself! Increase speed full \
                         throttle!\
\

\f0\b                INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Wedge looks excitedly about for any sign of the TIE fighters.\
\

\f0\b                                      WEDGE\

\f1\b0                          What about the tower?\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          You worry about those fighters! I'll \
                         worry about the tower!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. DEATH STAR SURFACE\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke's X-wing streaks through the trench, firing lasers.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke breaks into a nervous sweat as the laserfire is returned, \
               knicking one of his wings close to the engine.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (to Artoo)\
                         Artoo... that, that stabilizer's \
                         broken loose again! See if you can't \
                         lock it down!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER\

\f1\b0 \
               Artoo works to repair the damages. The canyon wall rushes by \
               in the background, making his delicate task seem even more \
               precarious.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Two laser cannons are firing on the Rebel fighters.\
\

\f0\b                INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Wedge looks up and sees the TIE ships.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke's targeting device marks off the distance to the target.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader and his wingmen zoom closer.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader adjusts his controls and fires laserbolts at two X-\
               wings flying down the trench. He scores a direct hit on Wedge.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Leia and the others are grouped around the computer board.\
\

\f0\b                                      WEDGE\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         I'm hit! I can't stay with you.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         Get clear, Wedge.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          You can't do any more good back there!\
\

\f0\b                INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      WEDGE\

\f1\b0                          Sorry!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Wedge pulls his crippled X-wing back away from the battle.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader watches the escape but issues a command to his wingmen.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          Let him go! Stay on the leader!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke's X-wing speeds down the trench; the three TIE fighters, \
               still in perfect unbroken formation, tail close behind.\
\

\f0\b                INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Biggs looks around at the TIE fighters. He is worried.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          Hurry, Luke, they're coming in much \
                         faster this time. I can't hold them!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               The three TIE fighters move ever closer, closing in on Luke \
               and Biggs.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke looks back anxiously at little Artoo.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Artoo, try and increase the power!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER\

\f1\b0 \
               Ignoring the bumpy ride, flak, and lasers, a beeping Artoo-\
               Detoo struggles to increase the power, his dome turning from \
               side to side.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Stealthily, the TIE formation creeps closer.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader adjusts his control stick.\
\

\f0\b                INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Biggs looks around at the TIE fighters.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke looks into his targeting device. He moves it away for a \
               moment and ponders its use. He looks back into the computer \
               targeter.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                               (over headset)\
                         Hurry up, Luke!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader and his wingmen race through the Death Star trench.  \
               Biggs moves in to cover for Luke, but Vader gains on him.\
\

\f0\b                INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Biggs sees the TIE fighter aiming at him.\
\

\f0\b                                      BIGGS\

\f1\b0                          Wait!\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader squeezes the fire button on his controls.\
\

\f0\b                INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Biggs' cockpit explodes around him, lighting him in red.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Biggs' ship bursts into a million flaming bits and scatters \
               across the surface.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Leia and the others stare at the computer board.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke is stunned by Biggs' death. His eyes are watering, but \
               his anger is also growing.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Grand Moff Tarkin watches the projected target screen with \
               satisfaction.\
\

\f0\b                                      DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE\

\f1\b0                          Rebel base, thirty seconds and \
                         closing.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader takes aim on Luke and talks to the wingmen.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          I'm on the leader.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR - LUKE'S SHIP\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke's ship streaks through the trench of the Death Star.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Princess Leia returns her general's worried and doubtful \
               glances with solid, grim determination. Threepio seems \
               nervous.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Hang on, Artoo!\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke concentrates on his targeting device.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Three TIE fighters charge away down the trench toward Luke.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader's finger's curls around the control stick.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke adjusts the lens of his targeting device.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke's ship charges down the trench.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke lines up the yellow cross-hair lines of the targeting \
               device's screen. He looks into the targeting device, then \
               starts at a voice he hears.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN'S VOICE\

\f1\b0                          Use the Force, Luke.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               The Death Star trench zooms by.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke looks up, then starts to look back into the targeting \
               device. He has second thoughts.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN'S VOICE\

\f1\b0                          Let go, Luke.\
\
               A grim determination sweeps across Luke's face as he closes \
               his eyes and starts to mumble Ben's training to himself.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke's fighter streaks through the trench.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          The Force is strong with this one!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader follows Luke's X-wing down the trench.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke looks to the targeting device, then away as he hears \
               Ben's voice.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN'S VOICE\

\f1\b0                          Luke, trust me.\
\
               Luke's hand reaches for the control panel and presses the \
               button. The targeting device moves away.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Leia and the others stand watching the projected screen.\
\

\f0\b                                      BASE VOICE\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         His computer's off. Luke, you switched \
                         off your targeting computer. What's \
                         wrong?\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         Nothing. I'm all right.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke's ship streaks ever close to the exhaust port.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke looks at the Death Star surface streaking by.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER\

\f1\b0 \
               Artoo-Detoo turns his head from side to side, beeping in \
               anticipation.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               The three TIE fighters, manned by Vader and his two wingmen, \
               follow Luke's X-wing down the trench.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader maneuvers his controls as he looks at his doomed target.  \
               He presses the fire buttons on his control sticks. Laserfire \
               shoots toward Luke's X-wing fighter.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER\

\f1\b0 \
               A large burst of Vader's laserfire engulfs Artoo. The arms \
               go limp on the smoking little droid as he makes a high-pitched \
               sound.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke looks frantically back over his shoulder at Artoo.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER\

\f1\b0 \
               Smoke billows out around little Artoo and sparks begin to \
               fly.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          I've lost Artoo!\
\
               Artoo's beeping sounds die out.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Leia and the others stare intently at the projected screen, \
               while Threepio watches the Princess. Lights representing the \
               Death Star and targets glow brightly.\
\

\f0\b                                      MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICE\

\f1\b0                          The Death Star has cleared the planet. \
                         The Death Star has cleared the planet.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Tarkin glares at the projected target screen.\
\

\f0\b                                      DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE\

\f1\b0                          Rebel base, in range.\
\

\f0\b                                      TARKIN\

\f1\b0                          You may fire when ready.\
\

\f0\b                                      DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE\

\f1\b0                          Commence primary ignition.\
\
               An officer reaches up and pushes buttons on the control panel, \
               as green lighted buttons turn to red.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               The three TIE fighters zoom down the Death Star trench in \
               pursuit of Luke, never breaking formation.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke looks anxiously at the exhaust port.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader adjusts his control sticks, checking his projected \
               targeting screen.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke's ship barrels down the trench.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader's targeting computer swings around into position. Vader \
               takes careful aim on Luke's X-wing fighter.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          I have you now.\
\
               He pushes the fire buttons.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               The three TIE fighters move in on Luke. As Vader's center \
               fighter unleashes a volley of laserfire, one of the TIE ships \
               at his side is hit and explodes into flame. The two remaining \
               ships continue to move in.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke looks about, wondering whose laserfire destroyed Vader's \
               wingman.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader is taken by surprise, and looks out from his cockpit.\
\

\f0\b                                      VADER\

\f1\b0                          What?\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S WINGMAN - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader's wingman searches around him trying to locate the \
               unknown attacker.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Han and Chewbacca grin from ear to ear.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                               (yelling)\
                         Yahoo!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               The Millennium Falcon heads right at the two TIE fighters.  \
               It's a collision course.\
\

\f0\b                INT. WINGMAN'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               The wingman spots the pirateship coming at him and warns the \
               Dark Lord.\
\

\f0\b                                      WINGMAN\

\f1\b0                          Look out!\
\

\f0\b                EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCH\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader's wingman panics at the sight of the oncoming pirate \
               starship and veers radically to one side, colliding with \
               Vader's TIE fighter in the process. Vader's wingman crashes \
               into the side wall of the trench and explodes. Vader's damaged \
               ship spins out of the trench with a damaged wing.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader's ship spins out of control with a bent solar fin, \
               heading for deep space.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader turns round and round in circles as his ship spins \
               into space.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Solo's ship moves in toward the Death Star trench.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Solo, smiling, speaks to Luke over his headset mike.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                               (into mike)\
                         You're all clear, kid.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Leia and the others listen to Solo's transmission.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                               (over speaker)\
                         Now let's blow this thing and go \
                         home!\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke looks up and smiles. He concentrates on the exhaust \
               port, then fires his laser torpedoes.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke's torpedoes shoot toward the port and seems to simply \
               disappear into the surface and not explode. But the shots do \
               find their mark and have gone into the exhaust port and are \
               heading for the main reactor.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke throws his head back in relief.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               An Imperial soldier runs to the control panel board and pulls \
               the attack lever as the board behind him lights up.\
\

\f0\b                                      INTERCOM VOICE\

\f1\b0                          Stand by to fire at Rebel base.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Two X-wings, a Y-wing, and the pirateship race toward Yavin \
               in the distance.\
\

\f0\b                INT. DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Several Imperial soldiers, flanking a pensive Grand Moff \
               Tarkin, busily push control levers and buttons.\
\

\f0\b                                      INTERCOM VOICE\

\f1\b0                          Standing by.\
\
               The rumble of a distant explosion begins.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR\

\f1\b0 \
               The Rebel ships race out of sight, leaving the moon-like \
               Death Star alone against a blanket of stars. Several small \
               flashes appear on the surface. The Death Star bursts into a \
               supernova, creating a spectacular heavenly display.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Great shot, kid. That was one in a \
                         million.\
\

\f0\b                INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke is at ease, and his eyes are closed.\
\

\f0\b                                      BEN'S VOICE\

\f1\b0                          Remember, the Force will be with \
                         you... always.\
\
               The ship rocks back and forth.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. DARTH VADER'S TIE FIGHTER\

\f1\b0 \
               Vader's ship spins off into space.\
\

\f0\b                EXT. SPACE\

\f1\b0 \
               The Rebel ships race toward the fourth moon of Yavin.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - MAIN HANGAR\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke climbs out of his starship fighter and is cheered by a \
               throng of ground crew and pilots. Luke climbs down the ladder \
               as they all welcome him with laughter, cheers, and shouting. \
               Princess Leia rushes toward him.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                          Luke! Luke! Luke!\
\
               She throws her arms around Luke and hugs him as they dance \
               around in a circle. Solo runs in toward Luke and they embrace \
               one another, slapping each other on the back.\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                               (laughing)\
                         Hey! Hey!\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                               (laughing)\
                         I knew you'd come back! I just knew \
                         it!\
\

\f0\b                                      HAN\

\f1\b0                          Well, I wasn't gonna let you get all \
                         the credit and take all the reward.\
\
               Luke and Han look at one another, as Solo playfully shoves \
               at Luke's face. Leia moves in between them.\
\

\f0\b                                      LEIA\

\f1\b0                               (laughing)\
                         Hey, I knew there was more to you \
                         than money.\
\
               Luke looks toward the ship.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          Oh, no!\
\
               The fried little Artoo-Detoo is lifted off the back of the \
               fighter and carried off under the worried eyes of Threepio.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          Oh, my! Artoo! Can you hear me? Say \
                         something!\
                              (to mechanic)\
                         You can repair him, can't you?\
\

\f0\b                                      TECHNICIAN\

\f1\b0                          We'll get to work on him right away.\
\

\f0\b                                      THREEPIO\

\f1\b0                          You must repair him! Sir, if any of \
                         my circuits or gears will help, I'll \
                         gladly donate them.\
\

\f0\b                                      LUKE\

\f1\b0                          He'll be all right.\
\

\f0\b                INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - MAIN THRONE ROOM\

\f1\b0 \
               Luke, Han, and Chewbacca enter the huge ruins of the main \
               temple. Hundreds of troops are lined up in neat rows. Banners \
               are flying and at the far end stands a vision in white, the \
               beautiful young Senator Leia. Luke and the others solemnly \
               march up the long aisle and kneel before Senator Leia. From \
               one side of the temple marches a shined-up and fully repaired \
               Artoo-Detoo. He waddles up to the group and stands next to \
               an equally pristine Threepio, who is rather awestruck by the \
               whole event. Chewbacca is confused. Dodonna and several other \
               dignitaries sit on the left of the Princess Leia. Leia is \
               dressed in a long white dress and is staggeringly beautiful.  \
               She rises and places a gold medallion around Han's neck. He \
               winks at her. She then repeats the ceremony with Luke, who \
               is moved by the event. They turn and face the assembled \
               troops, who all bow before them. Chewbacca growls and Artoo \
               beeps with happiness.\
\

\f0\b                                                                   FADE OUT:\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                END CREDITS OVER STARS\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b                                          THE END
\f1\b0 \
}